mooc	course	v1-70	aboriginal worldviews and education	"this course will explore indigenous ways of knowing and how this knowledge can inform education to the benefit of all students. intended for both aboriginal and non-aboriginal learners, this course will explore indigenous ways of knowing and how they can benefit all students. topics include historical, social, and political issues in aboriginal education; terminology; cultural, spiritual and philosophical themes in aboriginal worldviews; and how aboriginal worldviews can inform professional programs and practices, including but not limited to the field of education.  this course is appropriate for anyone with an interest in learning (or learning more) about aboriginal history and world views. no prior knowledge is required. each week, students will be introduced to relevant readings and resources (most publicly available on the internet)."
mooc	course	v1-1496	introduction to acoustics (part 1)	"learn about acoustics and sound fields by using the concept of impedance.  we will start with the fundamental concept of one-dimensional cases, understand the essentials, and also cover extended topics. this course introduces acoustics by using the concept of impedance. it starts with vibrations and waves, demonstrating how vibrations can be envisaged as a kind of wave, mathematically and physically. the essential measures for acoustic waves, such as db scale, octave scale, acoustic pressure, energy, intensity, will also be explained. these measures are realized by one-dimensional examples, which provide clear and simple physical insights. the course then moves on to explaining waves on a flat surface of discontinuity, demonstrating how propagation characteristics of waves change in space where there is a distributed impedance mismatch.subsequent topics are radiation, scattering, and diffraction, which can be explained in a unified way by seeing the changes of waves due to spatially distributed impedance. lastly, the course covers sound in closed space, which is considered to be a space that is surrounded by spatially distributed impedance, and introduces two spaces: acoustically large and small space. in part 1, we will handle topics from vibrations and waves to waves on a flat surface of discontinuity. the laterparts will becovered in part 2. this course is for graduate students and advanced undergraduates in acoustics, audio engineering, and noise control engineering. practicing engineers and researchers in audio engineering and noise control, or students in engineering and physics disciplines, who want to gain an understanding of sound and vibration concepts, are also welcome. week 1: vibration & waves how are time and spacerelated? what about the relation between frequency and wavelength? does the characteristic impedance of medium determine reflection and transmission? do we well see the waves of a string in terms of driving point impedance?  week 2: acoustics wave equation and its basic physical measures (1d acoustic wave equation, acoustic intensity and energy, units of sound) what arethe relations of acoustic pressure, density, and particle velocity? how do they make acoustic wave equation? is acoustic wave well analogous with one dimension string wave?  week 3: acoustics wave equation and its basic physical measures (acoustic intensity and energy, solutions of the wave equation, demonstration: hearing system) what about the relation between acoustic intensity and energy? how does human hearing system measure sound and its characteristics? let us experience the change of sound in level and frequency!  week 4: waves on a flat surface of discontinuity (normal incidence on a flat surface, the mass law) how mathematically express the boundary conditions at discontinuity? how does impedance at discontinuity determine reflection and transmission? when can we use mass law?  week 5: waves on a flat surface of discontinuity (transmission loss, snells law, transmission and reflection of an infinite plate/finite structure) how different is the transmission loss of a flexible partition compared to the mass law? does the obliqueness of wave play a critical role to determine transmitted and reflected wave? whatare the roles of partition and fluid loading impedance to transmission loss? elementary knowledge about vibration, dynamics and calculus is required. although the lectures are designed to be self-contained, we recommend (but do not require) that students refer to the book 'sound propagation: an impedance based approach (wiley & sons, 2010) written by the instructor, yang-hann kim."
mooc	course	v1-1870	introduction to acoustics (part 2)	"learn about acoustics by using the concept of impedance. following part 1, radiation, scattering, and diffraction are studied. wave propagation in closed space is also covered. leads to understand essentials as well to cover graduate level topics.  this course introduces acoustics by using the concept of impedance. in the previous part, the course starts with vibrations and waves, demonstrating how vibration can be envisaged as a kind of wave, mathematically and physically. they are realized by one-dimensional examples, which provide mathematically simplest but clear enough physical insights. then the part 1 ends with explaining waves on a flat surface of discontinuity, demonstrating how propagation characteristics of waves change in space where there is a distributed impedance mismatch. following the part 1, part 2 starts with radiation, scattering, and diffraction, which can be explained in a unified way by seeing the changes of waves due to spatially distributed impedance. lastly, the course covers sound in closed space, which is considered to be a space that is surrounded by spatially distributed impedance, and introduces two spaces: acoustically large and small space. this course is for graduate students and advanced undergraduates in acoustics, audio engineering, and noise control engineering. practicing engineers and researchers in audio engineering and noise control, or students in engineering and physics disciplines, who want to gain an understanding sound and vibration concepts, are also welcome. for the continuity of the lecture, taking part 1 of the course is recommended (but not required). week 1. radiation  breathing & trembling sphere problem -what happens if we have a certain discontinuity that is a function of three spatial variables (e.g. x,y,z for cartesian coordinate)? -what are the radiation characteristics of a breathing sphere, which is assumed to vibrate omni-directionally with equal magnitude? -what is the difference between a breathing sphere and a trembling sphere, which vibrates in a certain direction with a uniform velocity? week 2. radiation  baffled piston & finite vibrating plate problem -how can we generate sound? by the fluctuation of fluid particles or the vibration of structures? how are they related? -how can we understand the radiation of a finite vibrating plate? can we assume this plate as numerous vibrating pistons? week 3. scattering & diffraction / kirchhoff-helmholtz equation -how can we express the wave propagation when it is reflected due to the presence of discontinuities in space? -how can we explain the circumstances under which we can hear sound but cannot see the sound source? -what is the relation between the wavelength and the diffraction? week 4. wave propagation in space / reverberation period and its design application -if there are different types of impedance distribution in space, how can we explain the propagation characteristics? -how can we acoustically define large or small space? is it related to the frequency? -is there any measure that can represent the characteristics of the space? week 5. wave propagation in space / duct acoustics -how can we express the sound field that is neither fully diffuse field nor only a direct field? -when the size of the space is small relative to wavelength, what happens to the propagation of sound? -when the length of one direction is significantly greater than the cross-sectional direction of the space, how does the wave propagate with respect to its wavelength? elementary knowledge about vibration, dynamics and calculus is required. for the continuity of the lecture, taking part 1 of the course is recommended (but not required). although the lectures are designed to be self-contained, we recommend (but do not require) that students refer to the book'sound propagation: an impedance based approach(wiley & sons, 2010)written by the instructor, yang-hann kim. chapter 4 and 5 covers the topics that are dealt in part 2."
mooc	course	v1-94	artificial intelligence planning	"the course aims to provide a foundation in artificial intelligence techniques for planning, with an overview of the wide spectrum of different problems and approaches, including their underlying theory and their applications. the january 2015 session was the final version of the course.  it will remain open so that those interested can register and access all the materials. the january to march 2015 session was the final version of the course, but it remains open until march 2016 so that those interested can register and access all the materials. all assignments are available to try but will not score or be eligible for a statement of accomplishment. soon after that date coursera will no longer support the platform on which this course is built, but the course materials and videos will continue to be available via:  http://www.aiai.ed.ac.uk/project/plan/ooc/ (ai planning course home page)  http://bit.ly/aiplanmooc (videos on youtube) the course aims to provide a foundation in artificial intelligence techniques for planning, with an overview of the wide spectrum of different problems and approaches, including their underlying theory and their applications. it will allow you to: understand different planning problems have the basic know how to design and implement ai planning systems know how to use ai planning technology for projects in different application domains have the ability to make use of ai planning literature planning is a fundamental part of intelligent systems. in this course, for example, you will learn the basic algorithms that are used in robots to deliberate over a course of actions to take. simpler, reactive robots don't need this, but if a robot is to act intelligently, this type of reasoning about actions is vital. week 1: introduction and planning in context week 2: state-space search: heuristic search and strips week 3: plan-space search and htn planning one week catch up break week 4: graphplan and advanced heuristics week 5: plan execution and applications exam week the mooc is based on a masters level course at the university of edinburgh but is designed to be accessible at several levels of engagement from an 'awareness level', through the core 'foundation level' requiring a basic knowledge of logic and mathematical reasoning, to a more involved 'performance level' requiring programming and other assignments. the course follows a text book, but this is not required for the course: automated planning: theory & practice (the morgan kaufmann series in artificial intelligence) by m. ghallab, d. nau, and p. traverso (elsevier, isbn 1-55860-856-7) 2004."
mooc	course	v1-8	"algorithms: design and analysis, part 1"	"in this course you will learn several fundamental principles of algorithm design: divide-and-conquer methods, graph algorithms, practical data structures (heaps, hash tables, search trees), randomized algorithms, and more. in this course you will learn several fundamental principles of algorithm design. you'll learn the divide-and-conquer design paradigm, with applications to fast sorting, searching, and multiplication. you'll learn several blazingly fast primitives for computing on graphs, such as how to compute connectivity information and shortest paths. finally, we'll study how allowing the computer to 'flip coins' can lead to elegant and practical algorithms and data structures. learn the answers to questions such as: how do data structures like heaps, hash tables, bloom filters, and balanced search trees actually work, anyway? how come quicksort runs so fast? what can graph algorithms tell us about the structure of the web and social networks? did my 3rd-grade teacher explain only a suboptimal algorithm for multiplying two numbers? week 1: introduction. asymptotic analysis including big-oh notation. divide-and-conquer algorithms for sorting, counting inversions, matrix multiplication, and closest pair. week 2: running time analysis of divide-and-conquer algorithms. the master method. introduction to randomized algorithms, with a probability review. quicksort. week 3: more on randomized algorithms and probability. computing the median in linear time. a randomized algorithm for the minimum graph cut problem. week 4: graph primitives. depth- and breadth-first search. connected components in undirected graphs. topological sort in directed acyclic graphs. strongly connected components in directed graphs. week 5: dijkstra's shortest-path algorithm. introduction to data structures. heaps and applications. week 6: further data structures. hash tables and applications. balanced binary search trees. how to program in at least one programming language (like c, java, or python); and familiarity with proofs, including proofs by induction and by contradiction. at stanford, a version of this course is taken by sophomore, junior, and senior-level computer science majors. no specific textbook is required for the course. much of the course material is covered by the well-known textbooks on algorithms, and the student is encouraged to consult their favorite for additional information."
mooc	course	v1-128	"algorithms: design and analysis, part 2"	"in this course you will learn several fundamental principles of advanced algorithm design: greedy algorithms and applications; dynamic programming and applications; np-completeness and what it means for the algorithm designer; the design and analysis of heuristics; and more. in this course you will learn several fundamental principles of advanced algorithm design. you'll learn the greedy algorithm design paradigm, with applications to computing good network backbones (i.e., spanning trees) and good codes for data compression. you'll learn the tricky yet widely applicable dynamic programming algorithm design paradigm, with applications to routing in the internet and sequencing genome fragments. youll learn what np-completeness and the famous p vs. np problem mean for the algorithm designer. finally, well study several strategies for dealing with hard (i.e., np-complete problems), including the design and analysis of heuristics. learn how shortest-path algorithms from the 1950s (i.e., pre-arpanet!) govern the way that your internet traffic gets routed today; why efficient algorithms are fundamental to modern genomics; and how to make a million bucks in prize money by just solving a math problem! weeks 1 and 2: the greedy algorithm design paradigm. applications to optimal caching and scheduling. minimum spanning trees and applications to clustering. the union-find data structure. optimal data compression. weeks 3 and 4: the dynamic programming design paradigm. applications to the knapsack problem,sequence alignment, shortest-path routing, and optimal search trees. weeks 5 and 6: intractable problems and what to do about them. np-completeness and the p vs. np question. solvable special cases. heuristics with provable performance guarantees. local search.exponential-time algorithms that beat brute-force search. how to program in at least one programming language (like c, java, or python); and familiarity with proofs, including proofs by induction and by contradiction. at stanford, a version of this course is taken by sophomore, junior, and senior-level computer science majors. the course assumes familiarity with some ofthe topics from algo 1--- especially asymptotic analysis, basic data structures, and basic graph algorithms. no specific textbook is required for the course. much of the course material is covered by the well-known textbooks on algorithms, and the student is encouraged to consult their favorite for additional information."
mooc	course	v1-26	"algorithms, part i"	"this course covers the essential information that every serious programmer needs to know about algorithms and data structures, with emphasis on applications and scientific performance analysis of java implementations. part i covers basic iterable data types, sorting, and searching algorithms. an introduction to fundamental data types, algorithms, and data structures, with emphasis on applications and scientific performance analysis of java implementations. specific topics covered include: union-find algorithms; basic iterable data types (stack, queues, and bags); sorting algorithms (quicksort, mergesort, heapsort) and applications; priority queues; binary search trees; red-black trees; hash tables; and symbol-table applications.  all you need is a basic familiarity with programming in java. this course is primarily aimed at first- and second-year undergraduates interested in engineering or science, along with high school students and professionals with an interest (and some background) in programming. although the lectures are designed to be self-contained, students wanting to expand their knowledge beyond what we can cover in a 6-week class can find a much more extensive coverage of this topic in our book algorithms (4th edition), published by addison-wesley professional."
mooc	course	v1-27	"algorithms, part ii"	"this course covers the essential information that every serious programmer needs to know about algorithms and data structures, with emphasis on applications and scientific performance analysis of java implementations. part ii covers graph-processing algorithms, including minimum spanning tree and shortest paths algorithms, and string processing algorithms, including string sorts, tries, substring search, regular expressions, and data compression, and concludes with an overview placing the contents of the course in a larger context.  you need basic familiarity with programming in java and the algorithms and data structures from algorithms, part i.this course is primarily aimed at first- and second-year undergraduates interested in engineering or science, along with high school students and professionals with an interest (and some background) in programming. although the lectures are designed to be self-contained, students wanting to expand their knowledge beyond what we can cover in this 7-week class can find much more extensive coverage of these topics in our book algorithms (4th edition), published by addison-wesley professional."
mooc	course	v1-91	analytical chemistry / instrumental analysis	"if chemistry is the science of stuff, then analytical chemistry answers the question: what is it? and how much of it do you have? this course teaches how to do this with instrumental analysis!  this course covers about a half a semester of instrumental analysis which is a standard part of the undergraduate chemistry curriculum. any chemist has to understand how to analyze samples - whether they are water samples, blood samples or bits of a painting. most often chemists do this using instruments of some sort. machines like mass spectrometers or gas chromatographs can indicate both what's in a sample (qualitative) as well as how much of something there is(quantitative). if you are fascinated by shows like csi, and have enough basic chemistry, this course would be great for you. however, the course is first and foremost designed for chemistry students working towards their degree. students who complete this class will understand that analytical instruments are not black boxes, but rather complex tools whose utility depends in detail on how analysts both configure and apply them. towards that end there are three pimary objectives. first, students will learn facts about major classes of instruments commonly used in chemical analysis. their knowledge will be captured by the ability to block diagram these complex pieces of equipment, and tailor the specifications to the measurement needs. second, the course will cover the basics of instrumental calibration and quality control. analysts will develop the ability to apply calibration curves, internal standards and the method of standard addition as needed for various measurement problems. finally, students must learn how to select and tailor the best instrumental method given a particular measurement need. this higher level skill involves critical evaluation of the strengths and limitations of the various method, and the ability to understand the context behind a measurement need. description: this course will provide students with a background in modern analytical chemistry with an emphasis on instrumentation. applications of instrumental analytical chemistry in medicine, forensics and materials science will be presented. course objectives: to reinforce chemical principles central to analytical chemistry. to introduce instrumental techniques for chemical measurement. to develop critical thinking for interpreting analytical data. to select instrumentation appropriate to the measurement need.week 1: overview of instrumental analysis and basic chemistry review week 2: atomic spectroscopies and the analysis of metals week 3: calibration, qa/qc, and improving instrumental analysis week 4: the basic principles of chromatography week 5: gas chromatography week 6: liquid chromatography week 7: vibrational spectroscopies week 8: electronic and optical sensors you should be familiar with freshman chemistry including balancing chemical equations, chemical equilibria, acid and base chemistry, stoichiometric calculations, reduction and oxidation chemistry and interaction of light with matter. this course is loosely based on skoog, west, holler and crouch, fundamentals of analytical chemistry , 8th edition."
mooc	course	v1-462	analyzing the universe	"using publicly available data from nasa of actual satellite observations of astronomical  x-ray sources, we explore some of the mysteries of the cosmos, including neutron stars, black holes, quasars and supernovae. science is really not about looking up facts in an encyclopedia. it is a process that extends what we know into the realm of the unexplored. this can be exciting, certainly; to be able to sneak a peek at the universe at its strange, awesome, cosmic best. but it is very different from your run-of-the-mill standard textbook idea of science. science is a social, human endeavor. and as human beings, we crave authenticity. we have seen the trappings of society, we act as if we have mastered technology, and yet we know that something is lacking. we have succumbed to the lure of ebay, facebook and amazon (at least, i know i have!), and yet we remain unsatisfied at some primal level. its time to peel away the layers of glitzy imagery and use our machines to exploit their ultimate purpose: the capability to process large amounts of data with instructions that we provide, in order to test our ideas about how the universe seems to behave. in short, to do science. for the first time, it is possible for the interested student (and we are all students, especially those that have any claim to be considered learned , such as the instructor!) to have this experience on-line. the subject matter for this course will be divided into two broad components which will be interwoven in an interdisciplinary fashion. the first is a general introduction to the physics and astronomy information you will need to understand basic phenomena that occur in the realm of x-ray astrophysics; the second is the presentation of authentic satellite data from various exciting types of x-ray sources, which you will analyze to better understand the working of the high-energy universe in which we live. there are no prerequisites for this course, other than high-school mathematics (algebra and trigonometry). i hope you will enjoy your experience in 'analyzing the universe'. week 1: images, the nature of light, and an introduction to ds9: 6 lectures plus 'wiki' material supplements lecture 1: 'the nature of images' [13:45] lecture 2: 'image formation' [14:45] lecture 3: 'skipping stones and x-ray images' [10:23] lecture 4: 'the perception of images' [17:34] lecture 5: 'introduction to ds9--part i' [6:06] lecture 6: 'introduction to ds9--part ii' [20:02] homework/quiz, due 27 sept. (11:59 pm edt): quiz 1. note that reading the 'wiki' material is essential for this and all subsequent quizzes/homeworks. week 2: basic astronomical data and a ds9 smorgasbord: 5 lectures plus 'wiki' material. lecture 1: 'the ds9 smorgasbord--part i' [23:46] lecture 2: 'the ds9 smorgasbord--part ii' [24:16] lecture 3: 'lies, damned lies, and statistics' [20:20] lecture 4: 'atomic spectra, the fingerprints of the stars' [11:51] lecture 5: 'the cosmic distance scale -- part i' [28:00] homework/quiz, due 4 oct. (11:59 pm edt): quiz 2. note that reading the 'wiki' material is essential for this and all subsequent quizzes/homeworks. week 3: stellar evolution and white dwarfs: 4 lectures plus 'wiki'material. lecture 1: 'putting it all together-- the hr diagram' [15:11] lecture 2: 'of gk per and white dwarfs, part 1' [16:41] lecture 3: 'of gk per and white dwarfs, part 2' [20:43] lecture 4: 'of gk per and white dwarfs, part 3' [13:54] homework/quiz, due 11 oct. (11:59 pm edt): quiz 3. note that reading the 'wiki' material is essential for this and all subsequent quizzes/homeworks. week 4: orbits, gravity, and clocks in the sky: 7 lectures plus 'wiki' material. lecture 1: 'orbits' [23:48] lecture 2: 'a matter of some gravity' [16:19] lecture 3: 'of hummingbirds, trains, and the doppler shift' [12:43] lecture 4: 'clocks in the sky--cen x-3: part 1--exosat' [14:49] lecture 5: 'clocks in the sky--cen x-3: part 2' [14:29] lecture 6: 'clocks in the sky--cen x-3: part 3' [15:04] lecture 7: 'clocks in the sky--cen x-3: part 4--chandra' [15:51] homework/quiz, due 18 oct. (11:59 pm edt): quiz 4 note that reading the 'wiki' material is essential for this and all subsequent quizzes/homeworks. week 5: supernovae, our cosmic recycling centers: 2 lectures plus 'wiki' material. lecture 1: 'cas-a, part 1' [14:31] lecture 2: 'cas-a, part 2: color it x-ray' [20:31] homework/quiz, due 25 oct. (11:59 pm edt): quiz 5  note that reading the 'wiki' material is essential for this and all subsequent quizzes/homeworks. week 6: to the ends of the universe; quasars, 3c273, and beyond: 5 lectures plus 'wiki' material. lecture 1: 'the time machine, part 1' [7:34] lecture 2: 'the time machine, part 2' [23:03] lecture 3: 'the time machine, part 3' [9:42] lecture 4: 'the time machine, part 4' [20:57] lecture 5: 'to the ends of the universe: the cosmic distance scale -- part ii' [20:20] homework/quiz, due 1 nov. (11:59 pm est): quiz 6  note that reading the 'wiki' material is essential for this quiz/homework.  "
mooc	course	v1-131	"creative, serious and playful science of android apps"	"in this course, you will learn the fundamental computer science principles that power todays apps. you will also create your own android app using java and standard software development tools. this course is a novice-friendly and delightful introduction to computer science and to programming android apps for smartphones and tablets. no prior programming knowledge is necessary. in this course you will have fun learning to create an app for modern android devices, such as the nexus tablet. you will use the programming tools that android software developers use to build your own useful app during this course. along the way, we will introduce fundamental computer science principles and programming ideas that power todays smartphone and tablet apps. we will also peek beyond the borders of android programming to the world of computer science. meet computer science undergraduates, see one of the first vacuum tube computers, the first transistor, and now-modern scientific research on the blue waters supercomputerall at illinois. android developer track: weeks 15 (required for passing the course): this portion of the course is intended to give you a slow and gentle introduction to the basics of android application development such as downloading, installing, and setting up the tools you will use in this course. you will also create your first android app and share the results of your experience with your classmatesall while writing hardly any code at all! computer science and programming track: weeks 68 (optional): during this latter portion of the course, you can delve deeper into computer science fundamentals and beginner programming techniques. together we will explore this content while developing another really cool project to share. this course is composed of 2 tracks organized into 8 distinct weekly topics: android developer track week 1: an app for hello world week 2: a simple app for illiac week 3: a working app for illiac week 4: an app for emily week 5: a simple web app and debugging code in 0g computer science and programming track week 6: an app to share my views week 7: an app for bitmaps and images week 8: an app for moving pixels  no prior computer science experience is required. there is no required textbook for this course, though there may be links to free articles and other resources available on the web for you to read."
mooc	course	v1-688	analysis of algorithms	"this course teaches a calculus that enables precise quantitative predictions of large combinatorial structures. in addition, this course covers generating functions and real asymptotics and then introduces the symbolic method in the context of applications in the analysis of algorithms and basic structures such as permutations, trees, strings, words, and mappings. analysis of algorithms aims to enable precise quantitative predictions of the properties of large combinatorial structures. the theory has emerged over recent decades as essential both for the scientific analysis of algorithms in computer science and for the study of scientific models in many other disciplines, including probability theory, statistical physics, computational biology and information theory. this course covers recurrence relations, generating functions, asymptotics, and fundamental structures such as trees, permutations, strings, tries, words, and mappings, in the context of applications to the analysis of algorithms. lecture 1 analysis of algorithms lecture 2 recurrences lecture 3 solving recurrences with gfs lecture 4 asymptotics lecture 5 the symbolic method lecture 6 trees lecture 7 permutations lecture 8 strings and tries lecture 9 words and mappings math through calculus and basic familiarity with programming in a modern language such as java. knowledge of basic algorithms and data structures from algorithms, part i is helpful but not required. the videofrom analysis of algorithms to analytic combinatorics: a journey with philippe flajolet, is anoptional (since it contains some advancedmaterial that is beyond the scope of this course) overview that gives some historical perspective and introduces this course and analytic combinatorics. this course is based on the textbookan introduction to the analysis of algorithms by sedgewick and flajolet. you can obtain this book from the following: amazon,barnes and noble, orinformit.com you can find (free) web materials associated with the textbook athttp://aofa.cs.princeton.edu/home."
mooc	course	v1-724	"asset pricing, part 1"	"this course is part one of a two-part introductory survey of graduate-level academic asset pricing. we will focus on building the intuition and deep understanding of how the theory works, how to use it, and how to connect it to empirical facts. this first part builds the basic theoretical and empirical tools around some classic facts. the second part delves more deeply into applications and empirical evaluation. are you curious about quantitative academic finance? have you considered graduate study in finance? are you working in an investment bank, money-management firm or hedge fund and you want to understand models better? would you like to know what buzzwords like beta, risk premium, risk-neutral price, arbitrage, equity premium, and discount factor mean? this class is for you. we will see how one basic idea, price equals expected discounted payoff, unites everything - models that describe stocks, bonds, options, real investments, discrete time, continuous time, asset pricing, portfolio theory, and so forth. in this part i, well quickly learn or review time-series in continuous and discrete time. we'll look at some basic facts. then well start with the underlying consumption-based model, and well preview some classic issues in finance. that outlines the big ideas of the whole class. then, we'll take a step back and study contingent claims and the theorems showing the existence of a discount factor (the m in p=e(mx)). we'll explore the mean-variance frontier and expected return vs. beta models and factor structures. we will study the classic linear models  capm, apt, icapm. we will learn how to use gmm to estimate and evaluate asset pricing models, as well as the classic regression tests. this paves the way for part 2which focuses on applications and empirical evaluation. the math in real, academic, finance is not actually that hard. understanding how to use the equations, and see what they really mean about the world... that's hard, and that's what i hope will be uniquely rewarding about this class. part 1 syllabus: week 1: stochastic calculus introduction and review. dz, dt and all that. week 2: introduction and overview. challenging facts and basic consumption-based model. week 3: classic issues in finance equilibrium, contingent claims, risk-neutral probabilities. week 4: state-space representation, risk sharing, aggregation, existence of a discount factor. week 5: mean-variance frontier, beta representations, conditioning information. week 6: factor pricing models -- capm, icapm and apt. week 7: econometrics of asset pricing and gmm.  final exam part 2 is a separate course, which may be taken separately from part 1. here is the syllabus to whet your appetite: spring break (1 week) week 1: factor pricing models in action the fama and french model fund and performance evaluation. week 2: time series predictability, volatilty and bubbles. week 3: equity premium, macroeconomics and asset pricing. week 4: option pricing. week 5: term structure models and facts. week 6: portfolio theory. final exam this course uses concepts from finance, undergraduate applied mathematics, advanced undergraduate / beginning graduate level economics, and time-series econometrics. students should be able to use single and multivariable calculus, simple differential equations, matrix algebra, and basic statistics. they should be able to program simple simulations in a matrix programming language like matlab, octave, r, python, julia, etc. students should have some background in economics, including utility functions and maximization, and have worked with basic time-series econometrics, such as ar(1) models. the preface and chapter 1 of asset pricing(princeton university press) give a good feel for the class, the range of topics, and the mathematical level. the first two weeks of the class will be based on chapter 1. we recommend purchasing the textbook to supplement your study in this class. "
mooc	course	v1-2184	"asset pricing, part 2"	"this course is part two of an introduction to graduate-level academic asset pricing. this second part uses the theory and elaborates empirical understanding. it explores some classic applications including the fama-french three-factor model, consumption and the equity premium, and extends the theory to cover options, bonds, and portfolios.  are you curious about quantitative academic finance? have you considered graduate study in finance? are you working in an investment bank, money-management firm or hedge fund and you want to understand models better? would you like to know what buzzwords like beta, risk premium, risk-neutral price, arbitrage, equity premium, and discount factor mean? this class is for you. we will see how one basic idea, price equals expected discounted payoff, unites everything - models that describe stocks, bonds, options, real investments, discrete time, continuous time, asset pricing, portfolio theory, and so forth. this second part followsasset pricing, part i. however, students somewhat familiar with the material in that class will be able to take this class independently.  we start by seeing classic factor pricing models in action, first by studying the fama french three factor model and then by studying the question whether portfolio managers have skill or not. well look in depth at the time-series predictability of returns, bubbles, and volatility. we will study the equity premium and the link between asset pricing and macroeconomics. well extend the theory to cover options, then bonds, and study the facts about the term structure of interest rates. the course closes with portfolio theory, how should investors structure their investment portfolios. the math in real, academic, finance is not actually that hard. understanding how to use the equations, and see what they really mean about the world... that's hard, and that's what i hope will be uniquely rewarding about this class. week 1: factor pricing models in action week 2: time series predictability, volatility and bubbles week 3: macroeconomics and asset pricing week 4: option pricing week 5: term structure models and facts week 6: portfolio theory this course uses concepts from finance, undergraduate applied mathematics, advanced undergraduate / beginning graduate level economics, and time-series econometrics. you should be able to use single and multivariable calculus, simple differential equations, matrix algebra, and basic statistics. you should be able to program simple simulations in a matrix programming language like matlab, octave, r, python, etc. you should have some background in economics, including utility functions and maximization, and have worked with basic time-series econometrics, such as ar(1) models. students who have not taken part i of this class should be somewhat familiar with the topics of that class. you should not be scared by simple dz and dt mechanics, the basic consumption model $$ u'(c_t) p_t = eta e_t u'(c_{t+1} x_{t+1}) $$ and regression-based factor pricing models such as the capm. watching some of the videos might be a good brush up. theprefaceandchapter 1ofasset pricing(princeton university press) give a good feel for the class, the range of topics, and the mathematical level. we recommend purchasing the textbook to supplement your study in this class."
mooc	course	v1-1432	audio signal processing for music applications	"in this course you will learn about audio signal processing methodologies that are specific for music and of use in real applications. you will learn to analyse, synthesize and transform sounds using the python programming language. audio signal processing is an engineering field that focuses on the computational methods for intentionally altering sounds, methods that are used in many musical applications. we have put together a course that can be of interest and accessible to people coming from diverse backgrounds while going deep into several signal processing topics. we focus on a number of spectral processing techniques of relevance for the description and transformation of sounds, developing the basic theoretical and practical knowledge with which to analyze, synthesize, transform and describe audio signals in the context of music applications. the course is based on open software and content. the demonstrations and programming exercises are done using python under ubuntu, and the references and materials for the course come from open online repositories. we are also distributing with open licensesthe software and materials developed for the course. week 1: introduction; basic mathematics week 2: discrete fourier transform week 3:fourier transform properties week 4:short-time fourier transform week 5:sinusoidal model week 6:harmonic model week 7:sinusoidal plus residual modeling week 8:sound transformations week 9:sound/music description week 10:concluding topics; beyond audio signal processing the course assumes some basic background in mathematics and signal processing. also, since the assignments are done with the programming language python, some software programming skills in any language are most helpful. the main software tools usedare inhttps://github.com/mtg/sms-toolsand the sounds to be studiedcome fromhttps://freesound.org. most of the external references come from julius o smith website,https://ccrma.stanford.edu/~jos,or fromhttps://www.wikipedia.org."
mooc	course	v1-14	automata	"this course covers finite automata, context-free grammars, turing machines, undecidable problems, and intractable problems (np-completeness). i am pleased to be able to offer free over the internet a course on automata theory, based on the material i have taught periodically at stanford in the course cs154. participants have access to screencast lecture videos, are given quiz questions, assignments and exams, receive regular feedback on progress, and can participate in a discussion forum. those who successfully complete the course will receive a statement of accomplishment. you will need a decent internet connection for accessing course materials, but should be able to watch the videos on your smartphone. the course covers four broad areas: (1) finite automata and regular expressions, (2) context-free grammars, (3) turing machines and decidability, and (4) the theory of intractability, or np-complete problems. why study automata theory? this subject is not just for those planning to enter the field of complexity theory, although it is a good place to start if that is your goal. rather, the course will emphasize those aspects of the theory that people really use in practice. finite automata, regular expressions, and context-free grammars are ideas that have stood the test of time. they are essential tools for compilers. but more importantly, they are used in many systems that require input that is less general than a full programming language yet more complex than 'push this button.' the concepts of undecidable problems and intractable problems serve a different purpose. undecidable problems are those for which no computer solution can ever exist, while intractable problems are those for which there is strong evidence that, although they can be solved by a computer, they cannot be solved sufficiently fast that the solution is truly useful in practice. understanding this theory, and in particular being able to prove that a problem you are facing belongs to one of these classes, allows you to justify taking another approach  simplifying the problem or writing code to approximate the solution, for example. during the course, i'm going to prove a number of things. the purpose of these proofs is not to torture you or confuse you. neither are the proofs there because i doubt you would believe me were i merely to state some well-known fact. rather, understanding how these proofs, especially inductive proofs, work, lets you think more clearly about your own work. i do not advocate proofs that programs are correct, but whenever you attempt something a bit complex, it is good to have in mind the inductive proofs that would be needed to guarantee that what you are doing really works in all cases. week 1: finite automata week 2: regular expressions and properties of regular languages week 3: context-free grammars and languages week 4: properties of context-free languages, plus introduction to turing machines week 5: turing machines and undecidability week 6: intractable problems (np-completeness) you should have had a second course in computer science  one that covers basic data structures (e.g., lists, trees, hashing), and basic algorithms (e.g., tree traversals, recursive programming, big-oh running time). in addition, a course in discrete mathematics covering propositional logic, graphs, and inductive proofs is valuable background. if you need to review or learn some of these topics, there is a free on-line textbook foundations of computer science, written by al aho and me, available athttp://i.stanford.edu/~ullman/focs.html. recommended chapters include 2 (recursion and induction), 3 (running time of programs), 5 (trees), 6 (lists), 7 (sets), 9 (graphs), and 12 (propositional logic). you will also find introductions to finite automata, regular expressions, and context-free grammars in chapters 10 and 11. reading chapter 10 would be good preparation for the first week of the course. the course includes two programming exercises for which a knowledge of java or pythonis required. however, these exercises are optional. you will receive automated feedback, but the results will not be recorded or used to grade the course. so if you are familiar with neitherjava nor python, you can still take the course without concern for prerequisites. the course is built around the material in automata theory, languages, and computation 3rd edition (2007), by john hopcroft, rajeev motwani, and jeffrey ullman, addison-wesley. however, you do not have to buy a copy of this book. the course is self-contained, and all homeworks and exams are based solely on concepts taught in the video lectures."
mooc	course	v1-2633	big data science with the bd2k-lincs data coordination and integration center	"learn various methods of analysis including: unsupervised clustering, gene-set enrichment analyses, bayesian integration, network visualization, and supervised machine learning applications to lincs data and other relevant big data from high content molecular and phenotype profiling of human cells. the library of integrative network-based cellular signatures (lincs) is an nih common fund project that was recently expanded to its second phase. the idea is to perturb different types of human cells with many different types of perturbations such as: drugs and other small molecules; genetic manipulations such as knockdown or overexpression of genes; manipulation of the extracellular microenvironment conditions, for example, growing cells on different surfaces, and more. these perturbations are applied to various types of human cells including induced pluripotent stem cells from patients, differentiated into various lineages such as neurons or cardiomyocytes. then, to better understand the molecular networks that are affected by these perturbations, changes in level of many different variables are measured including: mrnas, proteins, and metabolites, as well as cellular phenotypic changes such as changes in cell morphology. in most cases, this life sciences data is collected at the genome-wide scale across different regulatory layers. the bd2k-lincs data coordination and integration center (dcic) is commissioned to organize, analyze, visualize and integrate lincs data with other publicly available relevant resources. in this course we will introduce the various centers that collect data for lincs, describing the experimental data procedures and the various data types. we will then cover the design and collection of metadata and how metadata is linked to ontologies. we will then cover basic data processing and data normalization methods to clean and harmonize lincs data. this will follow a discussion about how the data is served as restful apis and json, and for this we will cover concepts from client-server computing. most importantly, the course will focus on various bioinformatics methods of analysis including: unsupervised clustering, gene-set enrichment analyses, bayesian integration, network visualization, and supervised machine learning applications to lincs data and other relevant big data from molecular biomedicine. the course will be taught by members of the ma'ayan lab at the icahn school of medicine mount sinai, medvedovic lab at the university of cincinnati, schurer lab at the university of miami, and other members of the bd2k-lincs dcic team as well as members of other bd2k and lincs nih funded centers. overview of the nih common fund lincs program overview of the bd2k-lincs data coordination and integration center overview of the data and signature generation centers (experiments and data) metadata and ontologies data normalization unsupervised learning methods: data clustering supervised learning methods enrichment analyses network analysis and network visualization cheminformatics serving data through restful apis and json interactive data visualization of lincs data crowdsourcing projects basic courses in statistics and molecular biology are useful but not required. ability to write short scripts in languages such as python would be useful but not necessary. review articles and selected original research articles will be discussed in the lectures and can enhance understanding, but these are not required to complete the course. all materials will be from open access journals or will be provided as links to e-reprints, so there will be no cost to the student."
mooc	course	v1-1315	introduction to human behavioral genetics	"behavioral genetic methodologies from twin and adoption studies through dna analysis will be described and applied to address longstanding questions about the origins of individual differences in behavioral traits. one of psychologys defining issues concerns the origins of individual differences in behavior: why are some people outgoing and cheerful while others are withdrawn and forlorn? why do some struggle academically while others excel at school despite minimal study? why do some suffer the ravages of a psychotic illness like schizophrenia while others enjoy a life free of mental illness? at the core to answering these questions is the ages-old 'nature-nurture' debate: are the behavioral differences among us due predominantly to inborn natural differences or the cumulative impact of our experiences? the nature-nurture debate generated much controversy and acrimony within psychology, although today most are willing to retire the debate and declare both sides victorious. this course provides an introduction to behavioral genetics, the field within psychology that demonstrated that nature and nurture both play a fundamental role in the development of psychological traits. we will explore how early behavioral genetic research radically changed how psychologists conceptualized human behavior and how the mapping of the human genome is fundamentally altering current research approaches to a wide range of behavioral characteristics. the course will cover the traditional behavioral genetic methodologies of twin and adoption studies as well as modern approaches based on molecular genetic techniques. upon completion of the course, students should have a basic understanding of how behavioral genetic research has changed psychologys view of human behavior; the strengths and limitations of traditional behavioral genetic methodologies such as twin and adoption studies; the behavioral genetic approach to psychiatric phenotypes (to be illustrated by schizophrenia) and psychological phenotypes (to be illustrated by intelligence); and the structure and function of the human genome and the prospects for identifying the specific genetic variants underlying individual differences in behavior. what is new in session 2? this course was first offered in 2014. the major changes in this second offering of the course include students have the option of obtaining a statement of accomplishment with distinction eight of the lecture modules have been re-recorded. usually this was to allow us to incorporate recent research findings into the lecture; in a few cases the lectures were somewhat restructured. the re-recorded lectures are identified in the weekly welcome message. there are eight new supplementary lectures, one for each weekly unit. these supplementary lectures allow us to cover more advanced topics (e.g., epigenetic inheritance, race, ancestry and genetics, genetic prediction.) the supplementary lectures are not covered in the weekly quizzes and so are not required for students seeking the typical statement of accomplishment. the supplementary lectures are, however, required for those seeking to obtain a statement of accomplishment with distinction. unit #1: introduction and overview topics covered: the nature-nurture debate and the founding of behavioral genetics; the eugenics movement; what is behavioral genetics?; the 'john/joan' case: when the blank slate model failed; phenylketonuria: every geneticists favorite disorder. supplemental: huntington disease. unit #2: how twins saved psychology topics covered: twins: a natural experiment; assessing twin similarity; what twin studies have revealed about the origins of behavior; are twin studies of behavior really valid?; adoption studies: not by twins alone; minnesota study of twins reared apart (mistra). supplemental: interview with thomas j. bouchard, jr. unit #3: heritability, a much maligned and misunderstood concept topics covered: mendelian inheritance (and terminology); galtonian inheritance (aka quantitative genetics); how heritability is estimated; what heritability is and what it is not; gene-environment interaction. supplemental: multivariate biometric approaches. unit #4: what everyone should know about the human genome topics covered: dna; what is a gene?; three surprising findings from the human genome project; the nature of genetic variation; williams syndrome; the x chromosome; prader-willi & angelman syndromes; genetic regulation and epigenetics. supplemental: epigenetic inheritance. unit #5: schizophrenia: the genetic approach to a psychiatric phenotype topics covered: what is schizophrenia?; the epidemiology of schizophrenia; twin and adoption studies  establishing a heritable basis; what we have learned about environmental risk from twin and adoption studies; identifying schizophrenia risk alleles - limits of the positional cloning strategy, what we have learned through gwas, and the role of rare variants. supplemental: genetics, race & ancestry unit #6: behavioral genetic approaches to the study of intelligence/general cognitive ability topics covered: what is intelligence?; twin and adoption studies  establishing a genetic basis; heritability and the malleability of general cognitive ability; gene-environment interplay in studies of general cognitive ability; why is general cognitive ability heritable?; genetics of intellectual disability. supplemental: the replication crisis. unit #7: genes, environment, and development topics covered: shared versus non-shared environment distinction; the moderating effect of development; gene-environment correlation; family socialization: a behavioral genetic perspective; gene-environment interaction i; gene-environment interaction ii; genetics and aging.supplemental: epigenetics and twins. unit #8: pulling it all together: summary, public policy, and prospects topics covered: the four laws of behavioral genetics; behavior and genomic medicine; behavioral genetics, the law and personal responsibility part i; behavioral genetics, the law and personal responsibility part ii; interview with irv gottesman. supplemental: genetic prediction. the course is intended to provide an introduction to the field of behavioral genetics, so minimal background will be assumed. while students are expected to have an interest in psychology, no prior study of psychology is needed. in terms of background in genetics, high school genetics as well as a basic understanding of some standard genetic terminology (e.g., phenotype, mendelian inheritance, chromosomes) is expected. an introductory understanding of statistical concepts including correlation, regression, analysis of variance, and statistical significance will be assumed, although the instructor will briefly review most statistical topics the first time they are used in the course. the course is designed for students who are open-minded, analytical, and willing to confront some of the great controversies that have helped shape psychology. target audiences include educational professionals interested in incorporating an up-to-date segment on behavioral genetic models and findings into their courses on human behavior; students from the social and biological sciences interested in genetic contributions to behavior but who do not otherwise have access to a behavioral genetics course at their home institutions; and individuals just interested in exploring questions that have perplexed scholars for millennia. although there will not be a required text for this course, the following is an excellent introductory text for the field: plomin, r., defries, j. c., knopik, v. s., & neiderhiser, j. m. (2013). behavioral genetics (6th ed.). new york: worth publishers."
mooc	course	v1-145	web intelligence and big data	"this course is about building 'web-intelligence' applications exploiting big data sources arising social media, mobile devices and sensors, using new big-data platforms based on the 'map-reduce' parallel programming paradigm. in the past, this course has been offered at the indian institute of technology delhi as well as the indraprastha institute of information technology delhi. the past decade has witnessed the successful of application of many ai techniques used at `web-scale, on what are popularly referred to as big data platforms based on the map-reduce parallel computing paradigm and associated technologies such as distributed file systems, no-sql databases and stream computing engines. online advertising, machine translation, natural language understanding, sentiment mining, personalized medicine, and national security are some examples of such ai-based web-intelligence applications that are already in the public eye. others, though less apparent, impact the operations of large enterprises from sales and marketing to manufacturing and supply chains. in this course we explore some such applications, the ai/statistical techniques that make them possible, along with parallel implementations using map-reduce and related platforms. this course was offered thrice during fall 2012, spring 2012 and fall 2013; in fall of both years it was also taken for credit at iit delhi and iiit delhi. during this period, i also wrote a book to elucidate the ideas discussed in the course at a 'popular' level: the intelligent web: search, smart algorithms and big data published by oxford university press, uk, in november 2013. now in this edition, the course is being offered in 'self-study' mode. introduction and overview look: search, indexing and memory listen: streams, information and language, analyzing sentiment and intent load: databases and their evolution, big data technology and trends programming: map-reduce learn: classification, clustering, and mining, information extraction connect: reasoning: logic and its limits, dealing with uncertainty programming: bayesian inference for medical diagnostics predict: forecasting, neural models, deep learning, and research topics data analysis: regression andfeature selection basic programming, sql and data structures exposure to probability, statistics and matrices "
mooc	course	v1-1279	bioinformatics: life sciences on your computer	"what makes bioinformatics education exciting is that people of a variety of education levels can get started quickly, with just a computer and internet access. the dna sequencing revolution has exploded and new, inexpensive technologies have led to sequences being determined faster than they can be analyzed. bioinformatics brings together biology, math and computer science into a quickly emerging discipline that turns the computer into a scientific research lab. the relevance of bioinformatics extends to many disciplines, including health science, molecular biology, genetics, drug discovery, biochemistry, cell biology and education. its impact is significant. many scientific researchers with advanced degrees are going back to school to learn computer techniques that have become as essential to new discovery as pipettes and flasks. this course will introduce some important basic bioinformatics concepts while allowing for the adventurous to explore some topics in further depth if desired. week 1: biological databases  database structure  searching pubmed  the ncbi public sequence database  sequence retrieval week 2 - blast and sequence alignment  pairwise sequence alignment  blast, database searches  assessing homology week 3  protein bioinformatics  determining molecular weight, isoelectric point  predicting secondary structure  the pdb database  prosite domain searches  predicting cellular localization week 4  prokaryotic genomes  bacterial gene prediction  prokaryotic gene structure  viruses week 5  eukaryotic genomes, human variation  eukaryotic gene structure  ensembl database  single nucleotide polymorphisms  dna fingerprinting "
mooc	course	v1-2943	bitcoin and cryptocurrency technologies	"theres a lot of excitement about bitcoin, but also a lot of confusion about what bitcoin is and how it works. were offering this course focusing on the computer science behind bitcoin to help cut through the hype and get to the core of what makes bitcoin unique. to really understand what is special about bitcoin, we need to understand how it works at a technical level. well address the important questions about bitcoin, such as: how does bitcoin work? what makes bitcoin different? how secure are your bitcoins? how anonymous are bitcoin users? what determines the price of bitcoins? can cryptocurrencies be regulated? what might the future hold? after this course, youll know everything you need to be able to separate fact from fiction when reading claims about bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. youll have the conceptual foundations you need to engineer secure software that interacts with the bitcoin network. and youll be able to integrate ideas from bitcoin in your own projects. course lecturers: arvind narayanan, princeton university joseph bonneau, princeton university edward felten, princeton university andrew miller, university of maryland supplementary materials: for the textbook, see below under suggested readings. for programming assignments, see here once enrolled. the course consists twelve topics, each corresponding to a lecture, and a chapter in our textbook. most weeks will have two topics each. intro to crypto and cryptocurrencies how bitcoin achieves decentralization mechanics of bitcoin how to store and use bitcoins bitcoin mining bitcoin and anonymity community, politics, and regulation alternative mining puzzles bitcoin as a platform altcoins and the cryptocurrency ecosystem the future of bitcoin? [bonus lecture] history of cryptocurrencies an introductory computer science class (such as cs 101) is required. basic programming experience as well as some knowledge of data structures and algorithms (linked lists, sorting, searching...) are strongly recommended. there is no required reading for this class. we are publishing a textbook based on this course. a pre-publication draft is currently available(each chapter corresponds to a lecture). download a draft of the princeton bitcoin textbook. princeton university press is publishing the official, polished, and professionally done version of this book. it will be out in summer 2016. if youd like to be notified when it comes out, you should sign up here. "
mooc	course	v1-357	caries management by risk assessment (cambra)	"this course will provide the scientific basis for caries (dental decay) risk assessment and practice interventions.  you will immediately be able to apply caries management by risk assessment into your clinical setting or into your personal health care. dental caries (tooth decay) is a bacterially based disease that progresses when acid produced by bacterial action on dietary fermentable carbohydrates travels into the tooth and dissolves the carbonated hydroxyapatite mineral. this process is called demineralization. pathological factors, including acidogenic bacteria, salivary dysfunction, and dietary carbohydrates are related to caries progression. protective factors, which include antibacterials, salivary calcium, phosphate and proteins, salivary flow, and fluoride in saliva can balance, prevent or reverse dental caries through a process of remineralization. remineralization is a natural and reliable repair mechanism for non-cavitated carious lesions. this course will provide the scientific basis behind the caries balance concept, which is the key to caries management by risk assessment in clinical practice. if pathological factors prevail caries progresses. if protective factors prevail the caries process is halted or reversed. the course will present tools to implement cambra, caries management by risk assessment, in your clinical setting. it can be in implemented medical and dental settings, and can benefit children and adults of all ages. implementation in dental practice provides patients with genuine hope and success for the management of their oral health. it is a practice builder for dentistry. week 1: understand what dental caries is understand the concept of the caries balance know the three principal pathological factors of caries formation understand that multiple bacterial species are responsible for dental caries understand the role of frequent ingestion of fermentable carbohydrates in dental caries recognize hyposalivation, how this occurs, and its importance in caries progressionweek 2: refine the concept of the caries balance know and understand the multiple caries protective components in saliva understand demineralization and the role of fluoride understand remineralization and the role of fluorideweek 3: understand remineralization and the role of fluoride understand how fluoride interacts with cariogenic bacteria know the three main mechanisms of action of fluoride know about fluoride toothpastes and fluoride mouthrinsesweek 4: know about fluoride products for the dental office and for home use by prescription know why high concentration fluoride products are used for high caries risk individuals know the antibacterial products currently available for caries control understand the root caries process including similarities and differences with coronal cariesweek 5: understand the distinction among disease indicators, pathological (biological risk) factors, and protective factors know that the cambra risk assessment method is validated in clinical use in thousands of patients for 6 years through adult know the bacterial assessment methods understand the sequence for the entire cambra methodweek 6: know how to assess caries risk for an individual as low, moderate, high, or extreme know the currently recommended chemical therapy for patients at low, moderate, high, or extreme risk to study numerous examples of risk assessment and therapy and how to build this into the treatment plan understand the differences between risk assessment for young children, older children, and adults a dental background is ideal, but not required. this course will be of interest to all clinicians who have a basic understanding of oral health and disease, and the significance of oral health education. featherstone jdb. the science and practice of caries prevention. j american dental assoc 2000, 131:887-899. featherstone jd. caries prevention and reversal based on the caries balance. pediatric dent. 28:128-132, 2006. featherstone jdb, young da, domejean-orliaguet s, jenson l, wolff m. caries risk assessment appropriate for age 6 through adult. cda journal. 35(10): 703-713. oct/nov 2007. featherstone jd. dental caries: a dynamic disease process. aust dent j. 2008;53:286-291 domjean s, white jm, featherstone jd. validation of the cda cambra caries risk assessment--a six-year retrospective study. j calif dent assoc. 2011 oct; 39(10):709-15. featherstone jd, white jm, hoover ci, rapozo-hilo m, weintraub ja, wilson rs, zhan l, gansky sa. a randomized clinical trial of anticaries therapies targeted according to risk assessment (caries management by risk assessment). caries res. 2012; 46(2):118-29."
mooc	course	v1-1367	preventing chronic pain: a human systems approach	"chronic pain is at epidemic levels and has become the highest-cost condition in health care. this course uses evidence-based science with creative and experiential learning to better understand chronic pain conditions and how they can be prevented through self-management in our cognitive, behavioral, physical, emotional, spiritual, social, and environmental realms. chronic musculoskeletal pain (including head, neck, and back pain) is a significant cause of suffering, disability, and health care in the world. care for chronic pain often involves surgery, multiple medications (including opioids), endless physical and chiropractic therapy, injections, implanted devices, and other passive treatments-- making it the highest cost condition in health care. the burden upon individuals in terms of ongoing pain and suffering is incalculable. consider an alternative. by using a human systems approach, we can better understand how individual risk factors in the cognitive, behavioral, physical, emotional, spiritual, social, and environmental realms of our lives can interact to perpetuate chronic pain and, if improved, can prevent it.  during this course, you will: identify the problems of our health care system in dealing with chronic pain. review the diagnosis, mechanisms, and etiology of chronic pain conditions. explore specific risk factors that can contribute to chronic pain. learn how a human systems approach can be applied through evidence-based self-management strategies to prevent chronic pain. experience active strategies designed to enhance the protective factors that can transform our own lives, and those of our patients, to one of health and wellness. this course was first offered in 2014.the course evaluations were carefully reviewed and the course was modified to improve its quality. overall, 91% of participants believed the overall experience was satisfying, 92% believed it met the objectives, 93% believed that it made a difference in their life, and 85% believed that it made a difference in the care of patients. selected comments from participants included;'this course is one of the most generous offerings that i have ever encountered. there is so much life-changing, life-affirming information available at no charge, to anyone who wants it, is rare and amazing. i am very grateful for it.' the learning experience has been tremendous!!everyone should have this knowledge, especially those in the health profession. 'i loved this class and want to take it again!' absolutely fascinating and enlighteningthis information should be part of every health care educational program! this course has really helped me to understand myself better and why i think, act and see the world as i do. i am eternally grateful for taking the time and energy to provide this beacon of knowledge to the world. i think this course is a wonderful gift, because pain is an avoidable part of our life. i have learned so many things. we hope you enjoy the course and, of course, learn how to prevent chronic pain. part a: putting chronic pain in context introduction to the course the health care dilemma of chronic pain the personal impact of chronic pain the balance between health and illness part b: tracing the mechanisms of pain myofascial pain headache fibromyalgia arthritis temporomandibular and orofacial pain current concepts of chronic pain mechanisms part c: preventing pain in the 7 realms of daily life resilience, self-efficacy, & expectation exercise, posture, & reducing physical strain positive relationships & social support creating safe and protective environments managing emotional challenges diet, sleep, & energy gaining insight, hope, & purpose part d: bringing it all together to help the patient the patients story: foundations for clinical reasoning implementing transformative health care improving the health care system no background is required; all are welcome! all course readings and materials will be available via the coursera web site. creative strategies are used to introduce each module. the story and excerpts from the mystery novel the last scroll are designed to present concepts such as moderation, balance, and passion that are important in preventing chronic pain and used to stimulate discussions. in this story, a lonely physician travels to an ancient roman spa in italy to learn about universal and timeless truths of health and wellness but finds himself a target of a killer. for those interested in reading along, the last scroll is available at amazon.purchase of the book is not required for this course. profits from the book are contributed to the people's campaign for preventing chronic pain to improve prevention and care of chronic pain at: http://www.preventingchronicpain.org/ and http://www.indiegogo.com/project/preview/bc1c12f9"
mooc	course	v1-937	introduction to clinical neurology	"an overview of the relevant aspects of the epidemiology, clinical presentation, basic disease mechanisms, diagnostic approaches and treatment options of the most common neurological diseases. course co-directors: daniel lowenstein, md andy josephson, md wade smith, md, phd instructors: john engstrom, md jill ostrem, md maulik shah, md neurologic diseases are common and costly. according to estimates by the world health organization, neurologic disorders affect over 1 billion people worldwide, constitute 12% of the global burden of disease, and cause 14% of global deaths. furthermore, the number of deaths caused by neurological diseases have more than doubled in the past 10 years, and this number will undoubtedly substantially increase in the coming years as the average age of the worlds population increase. this course will provide a basic overview of the most common and important neurological diseases and conditions affecting people worldwide: stroke, epilepsy, headache, back pain, neurodegenerative diseases, movement disorders, alterations of consciousness, nervous system infections, traumatic brain injury, and neuromuscular diseases. for each topic, a neurology professor at the university of california, san francisco (ucsf) who has specialized knowledge about the subject area, and who teaches this material to ucsf medical students and other health professional students, will focus on the fundamentals of the clinical presentation and evaluation of people with these disorders, as well as some of the additional diagnostic approaches and options for treatment. although not a primary focus of the course, the faculty will also touch on some of the most pertinent disease mechanisms to help students appreciate the rationale for current therapies and the many questions that need to be answered to achieve effective treatments and cures. this six-week course includes the following eleven modules: module 1: overview of basic anatomy and functions of the nervous system. module 2: stroke module 3: epilepsy module 4: neurodegenerative diseases module 5: alterations of consciousness and brain death module 6: nervous system infections module 7: traumatic brain injury module 8: movement disorders module 9: headache module 10: back pain module 11: neuromuscular diseases students who take this course should ideally have at least a basic knowledge of neuroanatomy and neurophysiology. for example, students should be familiar with the basic structure and function of the central and peripheral nervous system, including the lobes of the brain, the various parts of the brainstem and spinal cord, the main ascending and descending central pathways, and basic properties of peripheral nerves and muscle. having at least a basic understanding of the way various cells in the nervous system work (such as properties of action potentials and other aspects of neural transmission) will be helpful but not essential for this course. to make sure everyone is up to speed at the beginning, the class will start with an overview of the anatomy and functions of the nervous system as they relate to the various clinical diseases covered during the course. blumenfeld h. neuroanatomy through clinical cases, 2nd edition. sinauer associates, sunderland, ma, 2010. chapters about neurological diseases in harrisons principles of internal medicine, 18th edition (longo dl, fauci as, kasper dl, hauser sl, jameson lj, loscalzo j, eds) mcgraw-hill, inc., 2012. ucsf neuroexam tutor (ipad only): https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/ucsf-neuroexam-tutor/id615087332"
mooc	course	v1-164	clinical terminology for international and u.s. students	"understanding the clinical terms and abbreviations commonly used in u.s. hospitals is challenging. adaptation to clinical language is difficult for u.s. students entering the clinical area and even more difficult for international students whose primary language is not english. this course helps both groups of students understand many of the terms and abbreviations commonly encountered during the first three months of clinical work on a u.s. general hospital unit. the language of health care providers at u.s. clinical sites is heavily infused with abbreviations and technical terms. frequently, there is little time to ask for explanations. this course focuses on terms and abbreviations that will be heard or seen during early clinical work. terms are presented according to the clinical context in which they will be experienced using print, audio and visual representations. a web-based clinical dictionary for beginners provides additional information about terms presented in the course as well as definitions of many important terms that could not be covered in the six week course. week 1: understanding the structure of clinical terms and abbreviations clinical focus: vital signs week 2: solving clinical word puzzles clinical focus: the clinical unit and bedside environment week 3: refining strategies for solving clinical word puzzles clinical focus: emergencies, medication and iv fluid administration week 4: dealing with acronyms clinical focus: diseases and related abbreviations week 5: using clinical language safely clinical focus: laboratory tests and diagnostic procedures week 6: assessing your ability to use what you have learned clinical conversations: practice hearing, seeing, and responding to true-to-life clinical situations this course is for international and u.s. students and health professionals who are beginning or will be experiencing clinical practice in the united states. knowledge of anatomy and physiology and common disease states supports success. all references and materials will be offered within the course or found on the internet."
mooc	course	v1-65	clinical problem solving	"participants will learn how to move efficiently from patient signs and symptoms to a rational and prioritized set of diagnostic possibilities and will learn how to study and read to facilitate this process. clinical problem solving or diagnostic reasoning is the skill that physicians use to understand a patients complaints and then to identify a short, prioritized list of possible diagnoses that could account for those complaints. this differential diagnosis then drives the choice of diagnostic tests and possible treatments. despite striking advances in information technology, clinical problem solving has not yet been effectively replicated by computers, making it essential that clinicians work to develop expertise in this very important skill set. while television shows make this seem like a magical process, work done by cognitive psychologists and medical educators has helped us understand the ways in which expert physicians reason through these difficult problems to help their patients.  this course will examine the ways physicians think about clinical problem solving and will help participants develop competence in the building blocks of clinical problem solving. the professor will use cases to illustrate different reasoning strategies and will discuss how both correct and incorrect diagnoses result from these strategies. participants will use sample clinical cases to practice what they have learned through the lectures. finally, the professor will discuss strategies to help students and young physicians read textbooks and articles in a way that enhances their ability to use information in the clinical environment. module 1: how experts understand diseases and how to read like an expert to form disease based illness scripts. module 2: how experts analyze their patient' problems: processing and the patient illness script. module 3: using disease and patient illness scripts to prioritize differential diagnostic possibilities into tiers of probability module 4: understanding how diagnostic tests can be appropriately used to improve diagnostic accuracy. module 5: diagnostic mistakes: how they happen, how you can avoid them and how to find them once they occur. module 6: how our clinical problem solving strategies can be used to write good test questions, perform well on tests, and teach others to do well too. medical terminology introduction to physical diagnosis recommended textbook (not required):current medical diagnosis & treatment,eds papadakis, mcphee, and rabow (2012 or 2013 edition)"
mooc	course	v1-24	computer architecture	"in this course, you will learn to design the computer architecture of complex modern microprocessors. this course forms a strong foundation in the understanding and design of modern computing systems. building on a computer organization base, this course explores techniques that go into designing a modern microprocessor. fundamental understanding of computer architecture is key not only for students interested in hardware and processor design, but is a foundation for students interested in compilers, operating systems, and high performance programming. this course will explore how the computer architect can utilize the increasing number of transistors available to improve the performance of a processor. focus will be given to architectures that can exploit different forms of parallelism, whether they be implicit or explicit. this course covers architectural techniques such as multi-issue superscalar processors, out-of-order processors, very long instruction word (vliw) processors, advanced caching, and multiprocessor systems.  this course is targeted at senior-level undergraduates and first-year graduate students. students should have a good working understanding of digital logic, basic processor design and organization, pipelining, and simple cache design. highly recommended: computer architecture, fifth edition: a quantitative approach (the morgan kaufmann series in computer architecture and design)(5th edition), 2011. john l. hennessy and david a. patterson the 5th edition is new and very different than previous editions. use the 5th edition. approximately $45 on amazon isbn: 978-0123838728 the 5th edition is also available from the publisher in bothtextand e-bookformats for a discount of up to 40%. chapters may be purchased individually from thee-book site. optional additional text: modern processor design: fundamentals of superscalar processors (waveland press)(1st edition), 2005, reissued 2013. john p. shen and mikko h. lipasti approximately $75 on amazon isbn: 1478607831 available in e-book via google play and kno."
mooc	course	v1-148	introduction to computational finance and financial econometrics	"learn mathematical and statistical tools and techniques used in quantitative and computational finance. use the open source r statistical programming language to analyze financial data, estimate statistical models, and construct optimized portfolios. analyze real world data and solve real world problems. learn mathematical, programming and statistical tools used in the real world analysis and modeling of financial data. apply these tools to model asset returns, measure risk, and construct optimized portfolios using the open source r programming language and microsoft excel. learn how to build probability models for asset returns, to apply statistical techniques to evaluate if asset returns are normally distributed, to use monte carlo simulation and bootstrapping techniques to evaluate statistical models, and to use optimization methods to construct efficient portfolios. you'll do the r assignments for this course on datacamp.com, an online interactive learning platform that offers free r tutorials through learning-by-doing. the platform provides you with hints and instant feedback on how to perform even better. every week, new labs will be posted.  topics covered include: computing asset returns univariate random variables and distributions characteristics of distributions, the normal distribution, linear function of random variables, quantiles of a distribution, value-at-risk bivariate distributions covariance, correlation, autocorrelation, linear combinations of random variables time series concepts covariance stationarity, autocorrelations, ma(1) and ar(1) models matrix algebra descriptive statistics histograms, sample means, variances, covariances and autocorrelations the constant expected return model monte carlo simulation, standard errors of estimates, confidence intervals, bootstrapping standard errors and confidence intervals, hypothesis testing , maximum likelihood estimation, review of unconstrained optimization methods introduction to portfolio theory portfolio theory with matrix algebra review of constrained optimization methods, markowitz algorithm, markowitz algorithm using the solver and matrix algebra statistical analysis of efficient portfolios risk budgeting eulers theorem, asset contributions to volatility, beta as a measure of portfolio risk the single index model estimation using simple linear regression  (the first 4 texts are highly recommended) introduction to computational finance and financial econometrics, eric zivot and r. douglas martin. manuscript under preparation statistics and data analysis for financial engineering by david ruppert, springer-verlag.  beginner's guide to r by alain zuur, elena ieno and erik meesters, springer-verlag. r cookbook by paul teetor, o'reilly. other books for further reference: introductory statistics with r, second edition (statistics and computing, paperback), by peter dalgaard, springer-verlag, new york. modern portfolio theory and investment analysis, by e.j. elton et al., wiley, new york. financial modeling, by simon benninga. mit press. statistical analysis of financial data in s-plus, by rene carmona, springer-verlag, 2004. interactive r tutorial (for beginners): introduction to r"
mooc	course	v1-16	compilers	"this course will discuss the major ideas used today in the implementation of programming language compilers. you will learn how a program written in a high-level language designed for humans is systematically translated into a program written in low-level assembly more suited to machines! this course will discuss the major ideas used today in the implementation of programming language compilers, including lexical analysis, parsing, syntax-directed translation, abstract syntax trees, types and type checking, intermediate languages, dataflow analysis, program optimization, code generation, and runtime systems. as a result, you will learn how a program written in a high-level language designed for humans is systematically translated into a program written in low-level assembly more suited to machines. along the way we will also touch on how programming languages are designed, programming language semantics, and why there are so many different kinds of programming languages. the course lectures will be presented in short videos. to help you master the material, there will be in-lecture questions to answer, quizzes, and two exams: a midterm and a final. there will also be homework in the form of exercises that ask you to show a sequence of logical steps needed to derive a specific result, such as the sequence of steps a type checker would perform to type check a piece of code, or the sequence of steps a parser would perform to parse an input string. this checking technology is the result of ongoing research at stanford into developing innovative tools for education, and we're excited to be the first course ever to make it available to students. an optional course project is to write a complete compiler for cool, the classroom object oriented language. cool has the essential features of a realistic programming language, but is small and simple enough that it can be implemented in a few thousand lines of code. students who choose to do the project can implement it in either c++ or java. i hope you enjoy the course! why study compilers? everything that computers do is the result of some program, and all of the millions of programs in the world are written in one of the many thousands of programming languages that have been developed over the last 60 years. designing and implementing a programming language turns out to be difficult; some of the best minds in computer science have thought about the problems involved and contributed beautiful and deep results. learning something about compilers will show you the interplay of theory and practice in computer science, especially how powerful general ideas combined with engineering insight can lead to practical solutions to very hard problems. knowing how a compiler works will also make you a better programmer and increase your ability to learn new programming languages quickly.   "
mooc	course	v1-96	computational methods for data analysis	"exploratory and objective data analysis methods applied to the physical, engineering, and biological sciences. exploratory and objective data analysis methods applied to the physical, engineering, and biological sciences. brief review of statistical methods and their computational implementation for studying time series analysis, spectral analysis, filtering methods, principal component analysis, orthogonal mode decomposition, and image processing and compression.  solid background in odes and familiarity with pdes and matlab. "
mooc	course	v1-97	computational neuroscience	"understanding how the brain works is one of the fundamental challenges in science today. this course will introduce you to basic computational techniques for analyzing, modeling, and understanding the behavior of cells and circuits in the brain. you do not need to have any prior background in neuroscience to take this course. this course provides an introduction to basic computational methods for understanding what nervous systems do and for determining how they function. we will explore the computational principles governing various aspects of vision, sensory-motor control, learning, and memory. specific topics that will be covered include representation of information by spiking neurons, processing of information in neural networks, and algorithms for adaptation and learning. we will make use of matlab demonstrations and exercises to gain a deeper understanding of concepts and methods introduced in the course. the course is primarily aimed at third- or fourth-year undergraduates and beginning graduate students, as well as professionals and distance learners interested in learning how the brain processes information. beginning with the spring 2015 offering, signature track and verified certificates are available for this class. the formatting on the verified certificate is very slightly different from those for courses from other institutions. an example certificate is here. (the date on the actual certificates will be different.) topics covered include: 1. basic neurobiology 2. neural encoding and decoding techniques 3. information theory and neural coding 4. single neuron models (biophysical and simplified) 5. synapse and network models (feedforward and recurrent) 6. synaptic plasticity and learning familiarity with basic concepts in linear algebra, calculus, and probability theory. specifically, ability to understand simple equations involving vectors and matrices, differentiate simple functions, and understand what a probability distribution is. for the exercises, some familiarity with matlab or octave would be useful. no prior background in neuroscience is required. the lectures will roughly follow topics covered in the textbook theoretical neuroscience: computational and mathematical modeling of neural systems by peter dayan and larry abbott (mit press). the other useful resource for the course is tutorial on neural systems modeling (sinauer), which also contains matlab examples of concepts we will learn in the course."
mooc	course	v1-1291	configuring the world: a critical political economy approach	"in todays world, politics and economics are inextricably interconnected, but what is the nature of this connectivity? what are the power relationships that shape the world economy today and create new challenges for international institutions facing globalization? what makes some countries wealthier than others? do we face cultural diversity or fragmentation? does the type of governance effect economic development and social change or is it the other way around? how do we measure it and how trustworthy is the data?  these issues and many more will be examined in this course along with up-to-date sources and biting criticism.    the course is composed of eight modules that together will introduce students to the influences that shape the world in which we live today and to some of the political economy concepts used to explain them. it will examine the forces that explain the differences between success and failure in economic development and effective government in different countries. it will view how these forces also interact in the global economy. the course will adopt a critical political economy approach in two ways. it will criticize the data that are employed by social scientists to test their hypotheses on questions of governance and economic development. however, it will also raise the prospect that the problems in economic development might lie at a more fundamental, systemic level. video clip from ctw 1 - prof. richard griffiths talks about the multinational corporations, how big they really are, and who controls most of them... video clip from the 'configuring the world' mooc google hangoutprof. richard griffiths and students discuss the change in the rank of nepal in the human development index, how it happened and the meaning of it to social scientists and statisticians and politicians. extracts from the ctw1 discussionforum: i was surprisingly fascinated with this course and do not get positively surprised very often. the degree of commitment, the interest with which professor griffiths teaches, is admirable. he cares about the threads, the questions that arise in discussions and tries to make a massive open course participative and interesting or every one with success. finally, i would like to say that this is one of the best and most motivating courses i have ever taken, including my whole university career.(elizabeth nagy, lawyer, uruguay) i have to admit that i suspicious at first. but the ripping apart of the data indices is so interesting and useful that i can do nothing more than recommend this course. it is a great antidote to those that want to use statistics without any examination whatsoever of how the data was collected, what was collected, and how the indices were derived. what a breath of fresh air in the area of political economy, policy, and politics (karl shepard, professor of us and european history, usa) from the first minute of the first video, i was hooked. after then it got better. i appreciate and enjoy the style and content of the course i feel that the instructor has a gift for eloquent discourse presented in a direct way that makes sophisticated content intellectually available to anyone who cares to listens.(james p. reefe, usa) this course is part of the specialization track 'the challenges in global affairs', which contains three courses and a capstone project. the courses do not have to be taken in any particular order. 1.configuring the world. what do we know of the world? mostly we know where most people live and whether they are richer or poorer. this module reexamines the patterns of world demographics and economic development. 2.trust. underlying all human activity is the concept of trust. at the extreme, the complete absence of trust, individuals fall back on closed circles of friendship and kinship and they will privatise their involvement in public institutions. it the ensuing uncertainty, businesses will cut back their planning perspectives and societies will start to fragment. 3.inequality and fragmentation. cultural differences can enrich societies, but under different circumstances, they also serve to undermine social cohesion, and weaken the foundations of trust. extremes in income distribution, whether geographically or individually, may also have negative effects for society as a whole. 4.governance. governance is the channel through which trust is linked to policy outcomes, such as growth and prosperity (and egalitarian policies). poor institutional quality undermines trust, which in turn impacts on growth and prosperity. it also affects the ability of states to fulfil their international obligations. 5.economic development and social change. helping to promote economic development in other countries has been an international concern since the end of the second world war. having seen decades of failure of development aid to close the income gaps, the current orthodoxy is prioritizing the implementation of market oriented institutional reform. 6.globalisation. over the past half century or more, the world has become more interdependent. in the hyperglobalist literature this is attributed to a reduced role of the state and the victory of market forces. but economic markets are political constructions, without which transactions will not happen. 7.(international) institutions. the globalized economy is controlled and regulated by a network of international organizations. there is some debate about the extent to which they serve to modify state behavior, and it is also important to reflect that they are also reflect the international power balance. 8.the locus of control. despite the focus of so much literature and analysis on the level of nation states, it is businesses that trade, not states. and it is international finance, rather than international trade that is responsible for most of the qualitative transformation of the world economy. the course will offer two tracks. one for those following the course and taking the tests and the other for students preparing individual assignments. no background is needed. we will be introducing the tools and expertise you need to read and manipulate the ctw databases at the start of the course. for students who wish to familiarize themselves in advance, the following youtube video provide a useful starting point: microsoft excel tutorials for beginners #1:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8l1ovkw2zq8 excel 2010: charts getting started:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c70cjqxwkfi other programmes follow basically the same system. some students have also used r a wonderfully powerful and flexible stats and graphics package that runs on pretty much anything! http://cran.r-project.org/ or in slight more user friendly form http://www.rstudio.com/ or even more powerful and sometime more sometimes less friendly http://www.sagemath.org/ "
mooc	course	v1-81	galaxies and cosmology	"an introduction to the modern extragalactic astronomy and cosmology, the physical universe, big bang, formation and evolution of galaxies, quasars, and large-scale structure. this class is an introduction to the modern extragalactic astronomy and cosmology, i.e., the part of astrophysics that deals with the structure and evolution of the universe as a whole, and its major constituents: dark matter, dark energy, galaxies, quasars, large-scale structure, and intergalactic gas. it will cover the subjects including: relativistic cosmological models and their parameters, extragalactic distance scale, cosmological tests, composition of the universe, dark matter, and dark energy; the hot big bang, cosmic nucleosynthesis, recombination, and cosmic microwave background; formation and evolution of structure in the universe; galaxy clusters, large-scale structure and its evolution; galaxies, their properties and fundamental correlations; formation and evolution of galaxies; star formation history of the universe; quasars and other active galactic nuclei, and their evolution; structure and evolution of the intergalactic medium; diffuse extragalactic backgrounds; the first stars, galaxies, and the reionization era. it corresponds to the ay 21 class taught at caltech. galaxies and cosmology the lecture schedule and topics covered by this class are given below. there is no midterm or final for this class, butthere are graded quizzes at the end of each weekbased on lecture material. week 1 chapter 1: introduction cosmology as a science an overview of the modern cosmology and its history units, fluxes, and magnitudes chapter 2: basics of relativistic cosmology basic concepts of general relativity symmetry assumptions: homogeneity and isotropy metric, robertson-walker the cosmological redshift comoving and proper coordinates friedmann equation definitions of cosmological parameters week 2 chapter 3: cosmological models computing cosmological models distances in cosmology basics of cosmological tests the cosmic horizons chapter 4: distance scale, age of the universe, and the universal expansion distance scale and the hubble constant the age of the universe tests of the universal expansion week 3 chapter 5: cosmological tests classical cosmological tests and their problems modern tests (non-cmbr) tests using cmbr fluctuations chapter 6: the hot big bang and the thermal history of the universe planck era and beyond inflation baryosynthesis nucleosynthesis recombination reionization week 4 chapter 7: contents of the universe luminous matter, m/l ratios baryons dark matters gravitational lensing dark energy, cosmological constant and quintessence chapter 8: structure formation: theory density fluctuations, power spectrum, growth, damping dark matter dependence of cosmogony; cold dark matter post-recombination growth collapse of density fluctuations the role of cooling; galaxies vs. clusters and lss numerical simulations galaxy merging week 5 chapter 9: observations of large scale structure measurements of galaxy clustering and lss redshift surveys chapter 10: large scale structure and clusters of galaxies peculiar motions evolution of clustering biasing galaxy clusters and their properties week 6 chapter 11: galaxies, their structure and properties (i) galaxy catalogs, morphological classification, hubble sequence variation of galaxy properties along the hubble sequence stellar populations and galaxian subsystems galaxy luminosity and mass functions properties of spiral galaxies, density wave theory chapter 12: galaxies, their structure and properties (ii) properties of elliptical galaxies supermassive black holes in nearby galaxies properties of dwarf galaxy families fundamental correlations, scaling relations, and their uses week 7 chapter 13: galaxy evolution basic processes of galaxy evolution: merging, stellar pop. modeling deep surveys (imaging and redshift) selection effects and obscured star formation star formation history, assembly of the mass the olbers paradox optical/nir and fir/sub-mm diffuse backgrounds chapter 14: chemical evolution, intergalactic medium and its evolution chemical evolution of galaxies basic phenomenology of absorbers lya forest, lyman limit systems, damped lya systems evolution of igm and its chemical enrichment feedback processes and the cosmic web week 8 chapter 15: galaxy formation basics of galaxy formation the first galaxies and early stages of galaxy evolution reionization era the first stars the origins of black holes in the early universe chapter 16: quasars and active galactic nuclei: phenomenology and physics agn properties, basics, classification, spectra supermassive black holes and their fueling emission mechanisms agn unification week 9 chapter 17: quasars and agn: unification, evolution, high-energy backgrounds jets and beaming quasar surveys and evolution x-ray, gamma-ray, and agn-generated backgrounds the origin of first quasars and supermassive black holes this class assumes at a minimum a prior knowledge of astronomy at a good mid-undergraduate level (e.g., astro 101 for science majors, not astro 1 for poets), knowledge of physics at a comparable level, and math at a level of calculus or higher. a substantive wikipedia article is about at the right level. the class, including the supplementary readings to be posted on the appropriate chapter pages, is designed to be self-contained. however, the following books would be useful for students desiring to acquire a deeper and more substantive knowledge of the subject: extragalactic astronomy and cosmology: an introduction , by p. schneider, springer, isbn-13: 978-3642069710 introduction to cosmology by b. ryden. addison wesley, isbn-13: 978-0805389128 cosmology: the science of the universe by e. harrison, cambridge u. press, isbn-13: 978-0521661485 these are also illustrative of the anticipated level of the class."
mooc	course	v1-13	computer science 101	"cs101 teaches the essential ideas of computer science for a zero-prior-experience audience. the course uses small coding experiments in the browser to play with the nature of computers, understanding their strengths and limitations. sign up for the 'to be announced' session to be notified by email when the class is next run, and sign up for 'self-study' to start browsing the class materials right away.self-study mode makes all the videos and assignments available to be done at your own pace, but without a certificate of completion at the end. update: we're doing a live, updated mooc of this course at stanford-online july-2014 (not this coursera version). see here: http://cs101.class.stanford.edu/ cs101 teaches the essential ideas of computer science for a zero-prior-experience audience. computers can appear very complicated, but in reality, computers work within just a few, simple patterns. cs101 demystifies and brings those patterns to life, which is useful for anyone using computers today. in cs101, students play and experiment with short bits of 'computer code' to bring to life to the power and limitations of computers. everything works within the browser, so there is no extra software to download or install. cs101 also provides a general background on computers today: what is a computer, what is hardware, what is software, what is the internet. no previous experience is required other than the ability to use a web browser. here isanother videonick created for this class. cs101 topics are covered with a mixture of video lecture and active lab work, all in the browser: the nature of computers and code, what they can and cannot do how computer hardware works: chips, cpu, memory, disk necessary jargon: bits, bytes, megabytes, gigabytes how software works: what is a program, what is 'running' how digital images work computer code: loops and logic big ideas: abstraction, logic, bugs how structured data works how the internet works: ip address, routing, ethernet, wi-fi computer security: viruses, trojans, and passwords, oh my! analog vs. digital digital media, images, sounds, video, compression  "
mooc	course	v1-106	introduction to data science	"join the data revolution. companies are searching for data scientists. this specialized field demands multiple skills not easy to obtain through conventional curricula. introduce yourself to the basics of data science and leave armed with practical experience extracting value from big data. #uwdatasci commerce and research are being transformed by data-driven discovery and prediction. skills required for data analytics at massive levels  scalable data management on and off the cloud, parallel algorithms, statistical modeling, and proficiency with a complex ecosystem of tools and platforms  span a variety of disciplines and are not easy to obtain through conventional curricula. tour the basic techniques of data science, including both sql and nosql solutions for massive data management (e.g., mapreduce and contemporaries), algorithms for data mining (e.g., clustering and association rule mining), and basic statistical modeling (e.g., linear and non-linear regression). part 0: introduction examples, data science articulated, history and context, technology landscape part 1: data manipulation at scale databases and the relational algebra parallel databases, parallel query processing, in-database analytics mapreduce, hadoop, relationship to databases, algorithms, extensions, languages  key-value stores and nosql; tradeoffs of sql and nosql part 2: analytics topics in statistical modeling: basic concepts, experiment design, pitfalls topics in machine learning: supervised learning (rules, trees, forests, nearest neighbor, regression), optimization (gradient descent and variants), unsupervised learning part 3: communicating results visualization, data products, visual data analytics provenance, privacy, ethics, governancepart 4: special topics graph analytics: structure, traversals, analytics, pagerank, community detection, recursive queries, semantic web guest lectures we expect you to have intermediate programming experience and familiarity with databases, roughly equivalent to two college courses. we will have four programming assignments: two in python, one in sql, and one in r. the target audience is undergraduate students across disciplines who wish to build proficiency working with large datasets and a range of tools to perform predictive analytics. after taking this course, you may be interested in participating in the three-coursecertificate in data scienceoffered through the university of washington professional and continuing education program. this online course will provide an overview and introduction to the more extensive material covered in that program, which offers classroom-based instruction by data scientists from microsoft and other seattle players, networking opportunities with peers, case studies from the 'front lines,' and deep dives into selected topics. there will be selected readings each week.  we recommend, but do not require, that students refer to the book mining of massive datasets by anand rajaraman and jeff ullman"
mooc	course	v1-2959	deafness in the 21st century	"if you want to know more about deafness in low and middle income countries this mooc is for you. it is primarily aimed at those working as health or education professionals, government officials, support workers, ngos and anyone with a family or personal interest in deafness. it aims to improve knowledge and understanding of this topic. communication is central to human experience. for those who are born deaf this is the area most at risk. unless you have personal experience of deafness in your work or a family member who is deaf you may never have thought about this topic. as deafness is invisible the 350 million individuals worldwide who are deaf, half of this is preventable, are at the fringe of many societies. this short course will allow you to consider health, social and societal issues in relation to deafness. you will understand how the hearing system works and what can go wrong, particular challenges in low and middle income countries, about screening and diagnostic services, amplification including solar powered aids, challenges to inter-personal communication, sign language and positive stories about what deaf individual can and do achieve. this will challenge stereotypes and will promote a positive message about deafness in the 21st century. 1. deafness:a global perspective of the silent epidemic the global inequalities and implications for deaf children, young people and adults. an introduction to the hearing system and basic physiology. understanding the auditory system. 2.preventable cause of deafness epidemiology of hearing loss in low and middle income countries. prevention of hearing impairment and disability, including noise damage, ototoxicity, age related hearing loss, middle ear disease and measles, mumps, rubella and malaria as causes of deafness. 3.identification and assessment of deafness and amplification screening, diagnostic assessment, the potential and challenge of amplification. the role of ngos and manufacturing companies in provision of amplification. examples of practice. 4.family centred early intervention consideration of the international consensus statement on family centred early intervention. examples of how this can apply in a low income countries. developing early communication and literacy skills, empowering parents and working with the deaf community. 5. fostering interpersonal communication across language modalities use of signed languages speechreading spoken language facilitating communication 6. possible futures: given support, what can deaf children and adults achieve? case studies of possible futures focus on international projects the course is suitable for professionals working in a range of settings internationally such as medics, health care workers, teachers, charity workers, ngos as well as many other groups of people.people with a personal experience of deafness such as family members should also find information to interest them. you are not required to do any reading before beginning on the mooc. however, an enquiring mind and willingness to contribute and learn will be greatly appreciated!"
mooc	course	v1-855	"living with dementia: impact on individuals, caregivers, communities and societies"	"health professionals and students, family caregivers, friends of and affected individuals, and others interested in learning about dementia and quality care will benefit from completing the course. led by drs. nancy hodgson and laura gitlin, participants will acquire foundational knowledge in the care of persons with alzheimers disease and other neurocognitive disorders in this 5-week course. about the course in this state of the art course we will be discussing the global challenge of living with dementia for individuals, their families, communities and society. we start by examining the brain of a person with dementia to provide a basic overview of disease pathology as well as current diagnostic criteria, the stages of dementia, and the trajectory of illness. next, we consider the consequences of the disease for individuals and examine specific strategies for helping people remain engaged and with quality of life. we then focus on the impact of the disease on family members, communities and societies at large. theoretical and practical frameworks are discussed to help inform ways to support and care for individuals 'living with' dementia and their caregivers. health professionals and students, family caregivers, friends of patients, and others interested in learning about dementia and quality care will acquire in this five-week course foundational knowledge in the care of persons with alzheimers disease and other neurocognitive disorders. through course exercises and on-line discussions with others, you will have the opportunity to identify the prevalence of dementia in your country, consider the resources available to advance a meaningful approach to support families contending with this disease, and exchange ideas concerning care strategies in various settings such as the home, community and social service agencies, hospitals or other clinical settings week i: the brain framework of dementia global impact of dementia history of alzheimers disease and related dementias pathophysiology of dementia the new trajectory of dementia the challenge of diagnosisweek 2: the person personhood of individuals with dementia unmet needs unmet needs: continuum of needs of persons with dementia and potential interventions behaviors, trajectory and change over time of dementia assessing the role of the home and community environment in supporting families living with dementia activity for persons with dementia palliative care pharmacological treatment optionsweek 3: the caregiving and the home environment  family unmet needs psychosocial processes environmental model the role of technology in dementia careweek 4:the community level dementia friendly communities it takes a team: the role of the interprofessional team in a collaborative care modelweek 5: overview of national plans and policies national plans and policies assessing dimensions of comprehensive dementia care q & a 'ask us anything' this material is appropriate for anyone who is personally touched by dementing illnesses including health professionals, students in the health professions, or families and loved ones of persons with dementia. no special background is required other than knowledge of english. as a student enrolled in this course, you will have free access to selected content for the duration of the course. all readings were selected by the instructors specifically for this course. the following readings are suggested but not required: mace, n.l. & rabins, p.v. (2011). the 36-hour day: a family guide to caring for people who have alzheimer disease, related dementias, and memory loss (5th ed.). baltimore, md, jhu press. gitlin, l.n. & piersol, v.p. (2014).a caregiver's guide to dementia: using activities and other strategies to prevent, reduce and manage behavioral symptoms. (1st ed.). philadelphia, pa; camino books. rabins, p.v., lyketsos, c.g. & steele, c.d. (2006). practical dementia care. (2nd ed.). new york, ny: oxford university press."
mooc	course	v1-863	dino 101: dinosaur paleobiology	"dino 101: dinosaur paleobiology is a 12-lesson course teaching a comprehensive overview of non-avian dinosaurs. topics covered: anatomy, eating, locomotion, growth, environmental and behavioral adaptations, origins and extinction. lessons are delivered from museums, fossil-preparation labs and dig sites. estimated workload: 3-5 hrs/week. in dino 101: dinosaur paleobiology, students will learn about the many kinds of non-avian dinosaurs that roamed the earth during the mesozoic era, from 250 to 65 million years ago. numerous topics are covered in order to deliver a comprehensive survey of this important group of animals. these includeadaptations forattack and defence,anatomy,appearances, behaviors, birth, deep time, evolutionary theory, feeding, fossilization, growth, integumentary structures, locomotion, major groupings, origins, paleogeography, plate tectonics, reproduction, species definition, stratigraphy,and the extinction eventthat brought their dominance to an end. course material is delivered in a student-friendly short-form fashion, with numerous formative feedback sections. many lessons are delivered from actual dinosaur dig sites. students will gain access to a number of special interactive modules designed specifically for this course. these modules will grant users access to their very own virtual fossil collection, allow them to build dinosaur skeletons and provide them with an interactive visual representation of geologic time. this course's unique lesson delivery, combined with a classic quiz structure, will enable students to quickly gain a solid foundation for understanding dinosaurs, their adaptations and behaviours, and their place in the long history of earth. please note that our instructors and support staff are currently being finalized and are subject to change. dino 101 is part of an ongoing program of research into digital learning conducted by the university of alberta and therefore anonymized data provided by coursera and survey information can be made accessible to the researchers. week 1: appearances and anatomy covers the diversity in dinosaur appearances, and will be able to identify major features of the major groups of dinosaurs. week 2: death and fossilization describes how fossils form, how we interpret the taphonomy of skeletons and bonebeds, and looks at the possible biases taphonomic events may create in the fossil record. week 3: eating looks at the variety of food types, feeding habits, and feeding adaptations amongst the major groups of dinosaurs week 4: moving around helps students understand the general modes and styles of locomotion in the major dinosaur groups. the lesson also describes general methods of evaluating hypotheses on locomotion. week 5: birth, growth, reproduction provides a generalized life history of a dinosaur, from birth through adulthood, including reproduction. the student will be able to describe major techniques of evaluating growth stages and rates in dinosaurs. week 6: attack and defence examines the behaviours and structures that may have served for attack or defence through the lifetime of a dinosaur. week 7: what is a species will teach the different ways of defining what a species is. students will be able to compare the strengths and weaknesses of different species concepts for different situations. week 8: evolution will describe the basic theories of speciation, and discusses how how these different methods of speciation may have occurred, including both hypothetical and empirical examples. week 9: stratigraphy and geologic time provides basic stratigraphic concepts and the scale of earth history. students will understand the evolution of dinosaurs through time, including which groups evolved when and where. week 10: palaeogeography and plate tectonics presents the basic concepts in plate tectonics and the evolution of the earths surface. week 11: dinosaur origins will look at the evolution of dinosaurs from non-dinosaurian archosaurs. week 12: dinosaur extinction will examine the end-cretaceous extinction event, and provide examples of vertebrate groups that both persisted and died out during the event. no background is required; all are welcome! although the lectures are designed to be self-contained, there are many good books available on dinosaurs. recent books we can recommend for the interested students include: the complete dinosaur, 2nd edition, (edited by brett-surman, holtz and farlow), indiana university press dinosaur paleobiology (by s. brusatte), wiley blackwell."
mooc	course	v1-378	"drug discovery, development & commercialization "	"students will learn the process of drug discovery and development through specific examples of case studies to better understand the issues facing the challenges of delivering a new drug on the market. at the completion of this course you will be able to have a better understanding of how a small or large molecule becomes a pharmaceutical drug. the university of california san diego, skaggs school of pharmacyand pharmaceutical sciences drug discovery, development & commercialization course focuses on drug discovery, development and commercialization. in this course, you will learn about the complete process of drug discovery, development, pharmacoeconomics, biosimilars, regulatory affairs, managed markets,portfolio management and strategic marketing of a new pharmaceutical drug.  students will also learn that shifting the current drug discovery paradigm from finding new-entity drugs to combining existing agents may be helpful for overcoming the current financial challenges that exist in the pharmaceutical/biotech market. the following course objectives will be: 1. understand the pharmaceutical and biotechnology market a changing landscape 2. understand the major aspects of the drug discovery process, starting with target selection, to compound screening to designing lead candidates. 3. recognize current modern drug discovery based on the lock-and-key theory, which attempts to use one single compound to hit one target to combat the related disease. 4. increase understanding of the various drug discovery tools and methods that are used for finding, identifying and designing a new drug. 5. define and understand the regulatory responsibilities for drug discovery, including but not limited to, an investigational new drug application (ind), new drug application (nda), and product labeling. 6. incorporate study design methods for consideration in the design of clinical protocols to access safety, tolerability, and efficacy in multiple therapeutic areas. 7. identify the critical components for development of a commercialization strategy and a marketing plan to launch a new drug. week 1: -pharmaceutical &biotechnology industry landscape, williams ettouati, pharm. d. -drug discovery & development process: life cycle strategic plan, williams ettouati, pharm.d. week 2: - drug discovery: proteomics, genomics,philipbourne, ph.d. - compound selection & preclinical studies, ronald christopher, ph.d. week 3: - challenges in fragment baseddrug discovery for protein kinases, stephen burley, m.d., ph.d. - key concepts indrug delivery, brookie best,pharm.d. week 4: - regulatory considerations when filing an investigational new drug application, susan trieu, pharm.d. - clinical study & start-up activities, joseph ma,pharm.d. week 5: - clinical trials: phase 1, yazdi pithavala, ph.d. - phase iiclinical trials, kourosh parivar, m.pharm. week 6: - industry considerations with phase iii clinical trials, katie lyons, pharm.d. - new drug application, filing,product labeling,kelly hogan,pharm.d. week 7: - pharmacoeconomics in drug development, jan hirsch, ph.d. - intellectual propertystrategy & biosimilars, williams ettouati, pharm.d. week 8: - marketing pharmaceuticals & biotechnology drugs, williams ettouati, pharm.d. - managed markets and sales strategy, doral fredericks,pharm.d., mba week 9: -academic industry partnership 'various models, various outcomes', remi brouard, m.d. - from start up to success in biotech, barry quart, pharm.d. optional lecture -drug discovery: targets & tools james christensen, ph.d.  "
mooc	course	v1-121	digital signal processing	"learn the fundamentals of digital signal processing theory and discover the myriad ways dsp makes everyday life more productive and fun. the goal of the course is to develop a complete working set of digital signal processing notions from the ground up. dsp is arguably at the heart of the digital revolution that, in the space of just a few decades, has enabled unprecedented levels of interpersonal communication and of information availability. in the class, starting from the basic definitions of a discrete-time signal, we will work our way through fourier analysis, filter design, sampling, interpolation and quantization to build a dsp toolset complete enough to analyze a practical communication system in detail. hands-on examples and demonstration will be routinely used to close the gap between theory and practice. broad outline of the topics covered in the class: introduction: what is signal processing, history of the topic, application examples. discrete-time (dt) signals: the discrete-time complex exponential, and a computer music synthesis example. euclid and hilbert: signal processing as geometry, vectors spaces, bases, approximations. fourier analysis: the discrete fourier transform (dft) and series (dfs). the discrete-time fourier transform (dtft). examples. the fast fourier transform algorithm (fft). linear filters: linear time-invariant systems, convolution, ideal and realizable filters. filter design and implementation, examples. interpolation and sampling: continuous-time (ct) signals, interpolation, sampling. the sampling theorem as orthonormal basis expansion. processing of ct signals in dt. stochastic signal processing and quantization: stochastic signals, quantization, analog-to-digital (adc) and digital-to-analog (dac) conversion. image processing: introduction to image processing and two-dimensional (2d) fourier analysis. filtering and compression. the jpeg compression standard. digital communication systems: analog channels and bandwidth/power constraints. modulation and demodulation. transmitter and receiver design. adsl. fundamentals of linear algebra and calculus are a must. familiarity with probability theory and system theory are highly recommended. familiarity with matlab (or equivalent) and/or scientific programming are a plus. a companion textbook is available both in printed format and electronically on the web (free of charge). please refer to www.sp4comm.org for details. many more bibliographical references can be found in the textbook."
mooc	course	v1-137	planet earth...and you!	"planet earth, an overview of selected geological topics, discusses how earthquakes, volcanoes, minerals and rocks, energy, and plate tectonics have interacted over deep time to produce our dynamic island in space, and its unique resources. earthquakes, volcanoes, mountain building, ice ages, landslides, floods, life evolution, plate motionsall of these phenomena have interacted over the vast expanses of deep time to sculpt the dynamic planet that we live on today. planet earth presents an overview of several aspects of our home, from a geological perspective. we begin with earthquakeswhat they are, what causes them, what effects they have, and what we can do about them. we will emphasize that plate tectonicsthe grand unifying theory of geologyexplains how the map of our planet's surface has changed radically over geologic time, and why present-day geologic activityincluding a variety of devastating natural disasters such as earthquakesoccur where they do. we consider volcanoes, types of eruptions, and typical rocks found there. finally, we will delve into the processes that produce the energy and mineral resources that modern society depends on, to help understand the context of the environment and sustainability challenges that we will face in the future. week 1: earthquakes! just what is an earthquake? recording and measuring shakes consequences of quakes prediction and preparation week 2: plate tectonics continental drift and sea-floor spreading what is a plate? plate boundaries earthquakes and plate tectonics week 3: volcanoes! where does molten rock come from? introduction to igneous rocks types of eruptions volcanic hazards week 4: riches in rocks what is the 'stuff' of modern life? where do the elements come from? soil: the base for life mining metals and quarrying rocks week 5: the sources of power what's the 'fossil' in fossil fuel? how do we find oil? nuclear power energy challenges in the future none; all are welcome! marshak, s., 2013, essentials of geology (fourth edition), w.w. norton & co., new york, 550 p.; available either in print or electronic form (mac, pc, or ipad formats). online readings will also be provided, from a variety of sources including the us geological survey, state geological surveys, and other professional and governmental agencies."
mooc	course	v1-247	"economic issues, food & you"	"this course emphasizes the role of economics regarding its influence on food prices, the environment, and government policies. the primary objective of this course is to explore the basic tool kit of economic concepts that will enable students to critically analyze the choices they face as consumers and world citizens. students will study the economic concepts of scarcity, supply and demand, societys income and well-being, inflation, productivity, unemployment, the basic tools of finance, labor, and the fed. students will examine how parts of the u.s. economy function and develop an awareness of current economic issues and problems. statement of accomplishment students who earn an overall score of at least 70% based on: 50% quizzes 30% reflection journal assignment & peer assessment 20% forum posts & comments (out of 8 total) statement of accomplishment with distinction students who earn an overall score of at least 80% based on: 40% quizzes 30% final project 20% reflection journal assignment & peer assessment 10% forum posts & comments (out of 8 total) please note: the online offering of this class does not reflect the entire curriculum offered to students enrolled at the university of florida. completion of this coursera course does not affirm that this student was enrolled as a student at the university of florida in any way. it does not confer a university of florida grade; it does not confer university of florida credit; it does not confer a university of florida degree; and it does not verify the identity of the student. no special background is needed for this course. "
mooc	course	v1-115	e-learning and digital cultures	"this course will explore how digital cultures and learning cultures connect, and what this means for the ways in which we conduct education online. the course is not about how to do e-learning; rather, it is an invitation to view online educational practices through a particular lens  that of popular and digital culture. follow this course on twitter at #edcmooc. e-learning and digital cultures is aimed at teachers, learning technologists, and people with a general interest in education who want to deepen their understanding of what it means to teach and learn in the digital age. the course is about how digital cultures intersect with learning cultures online, and how our ideas about online education are shaped through narratives, or big stories, about the relationship between people and technology. well explore some of the most engaging perspectives on digital culture in its popular and academic forms, and well consider how our practices as teachers and learners are informed by the difference of the digital. well look at how learning and literacy is represented in popular digital-, (or cyber-) culture, and explore how that connects with the visions and initiatives we are seeing unfold in our approaches to digital education. this course will not be taught via a series of video lectures. rather, a selection of rich resources will be provided through which you can begin to engage with the themes of the course. while the teachers will be present in the discussion forums and in various other media environments, there will be an emphasis on learner-led group formation, and the use of social media to build personal learning networks and communities of peers. on this course, you will be invited to think critically and creatively about e-learning both as a process and as a topic of study; you will be able to try out new ideas in a supportive environment, and gain fresh perspectives on your own experiences of teaching and learning. this course is also intended to be an exploration of the mooc format itself. rather than approaching this course with the expectation of exacting teaching methods or precise learning routines, we invite all participants to collectively experiment with what the mooc experience might be. the course assessment will involve you creating your own digital artefact: something that is designed to be experienced digitally, on the web. it will be likely to contain a mixture of text, image, sound, video, links, and can be created in the environment of your choice. the artefact will be a representation of any of the themes encountered during the course, and youll have the opportunity to use digital spaces in new ways to present this work. our definition of digital artefact is intentionally imprecise to invite experimentation and creativity: it will be evaluated via guided peer-assessment. this course has been developed collaboratively by a team of experienced teachers and researchers in online education, who run the international msc in digital education distance programme at the university of edinburgh.  no background knowledge or skills are required, though we recommend an interest in and some experience of using the social web to form personal learning networks, engage in discussion, and respond independently to course themes. "
mooc	course	v1-453	understanding einstein: the special theory of relativity	"this course offers you the opportunity to gain a deeper understanding of the life and work of the young albert einstein and especially his mind-bending special theory of relativity.  in this course we will seek to understand einstein, especially focusing on the special theory of relativity that albert einstein, as a 26-year-old patent clerk, introduced in his so-called miracle year of 1905. our goal will be to go behind the myth-making and beyond the popularized presentations of relativity in order to gain a deeper understanding of both einstein the person and the concepts, predictions, and strange paradoxes of his theory. some of the questions we will address include: how did einstein come up with his ideas? what was the nature of his genius? what is the meaning of relativity? whats special about the special theory of relativity? why did the theory initially seem to be dead on arrival? what does it mean to say that time is the fourth dimension? can time actually run more slowly for one person than another, and the size of things change depending on their velocity? is time travel possible, and if so, how? why cant things travel faster than the speed of light? is it possible to travel to the center of the galaxy and return in one lifetime? is there any evidence that definitively confirms the theory, or is it mainly speculation? why didnt einstein win the nobel prize for the theory of relativity? students may choose one of three approaches to the course: a more quantitative approach, a more qualitative approach, or an auditing approach. the more quantitative approach will include weekly problem sets, while the more qualitative approach will include a creative project relating to the young einstein and/or the special theory of relativity. week one (einstein in context): einstein quotes of the week; a thought experiment involving relativity; physics and einstein circa 1900. week two (events, clocks, and reference frames): einstein quotes of the week; synchronizing clocks; the famous june 1905 paper; thinking more deeply about events and observers; understanding inertial frames of reference; spacetime diagrams; the galilean transformation; einstein's starting point: the two postulates. week three (ethereal problems and solutions): einstein quotes of the week; a few words about waves; the luminiferous ether; the michelson-morley experiment vs. stellar aberration; how do you solve a problem like the ether?; the solutions of fitzgerald, lorentz, poincare, and einstein. week four (the weirdness begins): einstein quotes of the week; the light constancy principle; time and length are suspect; what isn't suspect; exploring the lorentz factor; the miracle of the muon. week five (spacetime switching): einstein quotes of the week; the lorentz transformation; leading clocks lag; the ultimate speed limit. week six (breaking the spacetime speed limit?): einstein quotes of the week; spacetime diagrams revisited; regions of spacetime; cause and effect, or vice versa?; faster than light paradoxes. week seven (paradoxes to ponder): einstein quotes of the week; the pole-in-the-barn paradox; the spaceships-on-a-rope paradox; how length contraction actually works; the twin paradox. week eight (to the center of the galaxy and back): einstein quotes of the week; traveling the galaxy in one lifetime; the reception of relativity; einstein's nobel prize and the nature of genius; relativity beyond science. no prior knowledge is required. anyone who is willing to engage with the material is welcome. (for students choosing the more quantitative approach, a familiarity with basic algebra will be helpful. but a brief math review will be provided.) although the course is designed to be self-contained, it is recommended (but not required) that you read the following profile: 'young einstein: from the doxerl affair to the miracle year,' by l. randles lagerstrom, available for us$2.99 from amazon direct publishing (http://www.amazon.com/dp/b00bkkhs4u). you may also download the free software for viewing it here: http://www.amazon.com/gp/feature.html?ie=utf8&docid=1000493771. (versions are available for pcs, macs, tablets, and smart phones.)"
mooc	course	v1-1207	e-learning ecologies	"this course introduces innovative approaches to learning and teaching, with a focus on the use of e-learning and social web technologies. for more than 3 decades we have heard educators and technologists making a case for the transformative power of technology in learning. however, despite the rhetoric, in many sites and many ways education is still relatively untouched by technology. even when technologies are introduced, the changes sometimes seem insignificant and the results seem disappointing. if the print textbook is replaced by an e-book, do the social relations of knowledge and learning necessarily change at all or for the better? if the pen-and-paper test is mechanized, does this change the nature of our assessment systems? technology, in other words, need not necessarily bring significant change. technology might not even represent a step forward in education. this course explores 7 affordances of e-learning ecologies, which open up genuine possibilities for what we call new learningtransformative, 21st century learning: ubiquitous learning active knowledge making multimodal meaning recursive feedback collaborative intelligence metacognition differentiated learning these affordances, if recognized and harnessed, will prepare learners for success in a world that is increasingly dominated by digital information flows and tools for communication in the workplace, public spaces, and personal life. this course offers a wide variety of examples of learning technologies and technology implementations that, to varying degrees, demonstrate these affordances in action. this course is broken up into 8 weekly modules covering the following topics: week 1: conceptualizing learning week 2: spatio-temporal dimensions of learning (ubiquitous learning) week 3: epistemic dimensions of learning (active knowledge making) week 4: discursive dimensions of learning (multimodal meaning) week 5: evaluative dimensions of learning (recursive feedback) week 6: social dimensions of learning (collaborative intelligence) week 7: cognitive dimensions of learning (metacognition) week 8: diversity dimensions of learning (differentiated learning) this course is designed for people interested in the future of education and the 'learning society,' including people who may wish to join education as a profession, practicing teachers interested in exploring future directions for a vocation that is currently undergoing transformation, and community and workplace leaders who regard their mission to be in part 'educative.' if you want to know more about our theory of 'new learning,' you may be interested in this book (though there is no need to purchase it for this course): new learning: elements of a science of education. for more information about the research we do, visit our new learning website. during the course you will be encouraged to explore and share with others your findings about a wide range of e-learning technologies and the ecologies they engender. you may also wish to join in our own e-learning research and development endeavor by participating in this course on the scholar platform, developed with the support of funding from the institute of educational sciences, the us department of education, and the bill and melinda gates foundation."
mooc	course	v1-1177	emergence of life	"how did life emerge on earth? how have life and earth co-evolved through geological time? is life elsewhere in the universe? take a look through the 4-billion-year history of life on earth through the lens of the modern tree of life! this course will evaluate the entire history of life on earth within the context of our cutting-edge understanding of the tree of life. this includes the pioneering work of professor carl woese on the university of illinois urbana-champaign campus which revolutionized our understanding with a new 'tree of life.' other themes include: reconnaissance of ancient primordial life before the first cell evolved the entire ~4-billion-year development of single- and multi-celled life through the lens of the tree of life the influence of earth system processes (meteor impacts, volcanoes, ice sheets) on shaping and structuring the tree of life this synthesis emphasizes the universality of the emergence of life as a prelude for the search for extraterrestrial life. this course will be broken up into 8 weekly modules covering the following topics: week 1: course welcome, geological time, and the nature of science week 2: the tree of life and early earth environments week 3: fossilization and precambrian life-earth interaction week 4: paleozoic life after the advent of skeletons week 5: paleozoic plants, reptiles, and the transition to land week 6: mesozoic reign of dinosaurs and the development of flight week 7: cenozoic mammals and global environmental change week 8: astrobiology and the search for life in the cosmos no specific background is required. you do need an open mind and an eagerness to apply critical free thought and approaches of scientific inquiry. this will enable you to explore how life on earth came to be in its current form and whether there is life elsewhere in the cosmos. no textbooks are required. a few articles will be recommended to read, but not required."
mooc	course	v1-2258	economics of transition and emerging markets	"key economic and political challenges related to transition from the centrally planned economy to market system, history of market reforms in central and eastern europe, former soviet union, asia, middle east, africa and latin america, the contemporary role of emerging-market economies in the global economy.  the course was created with the support of sberbank this course concentrates on challenges faced by transition and emerging-market economies, i.e. middle- and low-income countries. it starts from a brief history of communist economic system based on central planning in the former soviet union and central and eastern europe, its evolution and collapse at the end of 1980s/ early 1990s and subsequent transition to a market system in 1990s and 2000s. then it analyzes experience of market reforms in china, india, other asian countries, middle east and north africa, sub-saharan africa and latin america at the same period. finally, it discusses the problems of contemporary global economy and global and regional economic governance with the special focus given to emerging-market economies and their role.      ..     .                    ,       1980-   1990- .        ,     ,   ,         .           ,           .   week one: introduction, origins of a centrally planned economy, its major characteristics, evolution, attempts of its reform and history of its collapse, agenda of market transition in 1990s and its major components such as macroeconomic stabilization, domestic and external liberalization, and privatization (parts 1-7) week two: political economy of transition, controversies over a transition strategy, and first results of transition (at the end of 1990s), market and democracy, interrelations between economic and political transition and the role of external actors in transition process (parts 8-12) week three: the role of eu integration process in transition of countries of central and eastern europe, transition economies in early 2010s, specifics of chinese transition and its major stages, market reforms in other asian countries (vietnam, laos, cambodia, myanmar, mongolia, india) (parts 13-17) week four: market reforms in the arab world (including the period of arab spring), sub-saharan africa, latin america, summary of emerging-market reforms since 1980s (parts 18-22) week five: causes and consequences of emerging market-crises in 1980s and 1990s, impact of the global financial crisis of 2008-2009 on emerging-market economies, the increasing role of emerging-market economies in the global economy (parts 23-27) week six: consequences of globalization, changes in international financial institutions, emerging-market economies and global and regional trade systems (parts 28-32)  basic knowledge in economics (both macro- and microeconomics) and political science on the undergraduate level "
mooc	course	v1-1696	ethical and social challenges of genomic and precision medicine	"knowledge linking genomics to health and disease is rapidly expanding.  translation of this knowledge into clinical and public health practice offers promising opportunities but also raises a host of ethical, legal, social, and policy questions.  using case examples, this inter-disciplinary course will explore the challenges of genomic and precision medicine. this seven week, inter-disciplinary course provides an introduction to ethical, legal, social, and policy issues that arise in the translation of genomic knowledge into medical and public health practice. it considers challenges in health related and reproductive testing/screening focusing on six specific areas: - pre-conception genetic diagnosis, and prenatal testing/screening - newborn screening - use of genomic sequencing technologies to diagnose and predict disease - targeting genomic testing/screening by race/ethnicity. - direct-to-consumer genomic testing/screening - use of big data for genomic research and genomic translation the course uses case studies to illustrate key themes in genomic translation. students will have an opportunity to interrogate and critique a promising science through lectures and readings from a range of disciplinary perspectives (e.g. history, sociology, genetics, medicine, bioethics) and online discussion. this course may be of particular interest to students who completed jeanette mccarthy and robert nussbaum's genomic and precision medicine course (https://www.coursera.org/course/genomicmedicine), which will beoffered by ucsf for a second timeon coursera starting march 16. week 1: introduction week 2:reproductive genetics week 3:screening week 4:genetic technology in the prediction and diagnosis of disease week 5:race and genetics week 6:direct-to-consumer testing week 7:where do we go from here? this course is primarily directed toward learners with an interest in genetics, medical genetics, genetic counseling, public health, as well as members of the broader public with an interest in the ethical, legal, policy, and social issues raised by the new science of genomics. "
mooc	course	v1-72	an introduction to the u.s. food system: perspectives from public health	"explore how food intersects with public health and the environment as it moves from field to plate. a food system encompasses the activities, people and resources involved in getting food from field to plate. along the way, it intersects with aspects of public health, equity and the environment. in this course, we will provide a brief introduction to the u.s. food system and how food production practices and what we choose to eat impacts the world in which we live. through several case studies, we will discuss some key historical and political factors that have helped shape the current food system and consider alternative approaches from farm to fork. the course will be led by a team of faculty and staff from the johns hopkins center for a livable future. guest lecturers will include experts from a variety of disciplines, including public health and agriculture. developed in collaboration with johns hopkins open education lab. module 1: is climate change vindicating malthus? food security and the right to food. module 2: an introduction to food systems, sustainability and resilience module 3: food security, food production and public health module 4: food animal production module 5: us agriculture policy and the farm bill: where is health? module 6: building a healthier food system: two case studies an understanding of public health or nutrition is helpful but not necessary. as farmer and poet wendell berry noted, eating is an agricultural act. optional textbook: introduction to the u.s. food system: public health, environment and equity. roni neff (editor). jossey-bass, 2014. purchase on amazon purchase on wiley.comexplore course topics by visiting: johns hopkins center for a livable future website johns hopkins center for a livable future blog teaching the food system curriculum additional links related to lecture topics include: meatless monday campaign pew commission on industrial farmed animal production the food forum workshop on sustainable diets: food for healthy people and a healthy planet. institute of medicine (iom) of the national academies. 2013. toward a healthy, sustainable food system (apha policy statement, 2007)"
mooc	course	v1-20	game theory	"the course covers the basics: representing games and strategies, the extensive form (which computer scientists call game trees), repeated and stochastic games, coalitional games, and bayesian games (modeling things like auctions). popularized by movies such as 'a beautiful mind', game theory is the mathematical modeling of strategic interaction among rational (and irrational) agents. beyond what we call 'games' in common language, such as chess, poker, soccer, etc., it includes the modeling of conflict among nations, political campaigns, competition among firms, and trading behavior in markets such as the nyse. how could you begin to model ebay, google keyword auctions, and peer to peer file-sharing networks, without accounting for the incentives of the people using them? the course will provide the basics: representing games and strategies, the extensive form (which computer scientists call game trees), bayesian games (modeling things like auctions), repeated and stochastic games, and more. we'll include a variety of examples including classic games and real-world applications. week 1. introduction: introduction, overview, uses of game theory, some applications and examples, and formal definitions of: the normal form, payoffs, strategies, pure strategy nash equilibrium, dominated strategies. week 2. mixed-strategy nash equilibria: definitions, examples, real-world evidence. week 3. alternate solution concepts: iterative removal of strictly dominated strategies, minimax strategies and the minimax theorem for zero-sum game, correlated equilibria. week 4. extensive-form games: perfect information games: trees, players assigned to nodes, payoffs, backward induction, subgame perfect equilibrium, introduction to imperfect-information games, mixed versus behavioral strategies. week 5. repeated games: repeated prisoners dilemma, finite and infinite repeated games, limited-average versus future-discounted reward, folk theorems, stochastic games and learning. week 6. coalitional games: transferable utility cooperative games, shapley value, core, applications. week 7. bayesian games: general definitions, ex ante/interim bayesian nash equilibrium. you must be comfortable with mathematical thinking and rigorous arguments. relatively little specific math is required; the course involves lightweight probability theory (for example, you should know what a conditional probability is) and very lightweight calculus (for instance, taking a derivative). the following background readings provide more detailed coverage of the course material: essentials of game theory, by kevin leyton-brown and yoav shoham; morgan and claypool publishers, 2008. this book has the same structure as the course, and covers most of the same material. it is free if you access the link from a school that subscribes to the morgan & claypool synthesis lectures, and otherwise costs $5 to download. you can also get it as a printed book from (e.g.) amazon.com, or as an ebook for kindle or google devices. a brief introduction to the basics of game theory, by matthew o. jackson. these notes offer a quick introduction to the basics of game theory; they are available as a free pdf download."
mooc	course	v1-2988	confronting gender based violence: global lessons with case studies from india	"this course introduces participants from the health care sector to gender based violence (gbv), including global epidemiology of gbv, health outcomes, seminal research, policy and ethical guidelines, and clinical best practices for gbv prevention, support and management. this course is planned to be the first of several focusing on gender based violence. we will provide a core curriculum and then, given the wide variability in local circumstances among countries, both in regard to the organization of their health systems and the availability of resources to deliver the recommended interventions, contextualize that content to specific geographical regions of the world. this first offering provides a case study on india and is guided towards participants working in the health care sector. a core curriculum introduces a global perspective on gender based violence (gbv), including global epidemiology of gbv, health outcomes, relevant research, policy and ethical guidelines, and clinical best practices for gbv prevention, support and management, including review of the new world health organization guidelines on responding to violence with dr. claudia garca-moreno. our colleagues who work in india, dr. bushra sabri, prof. anuradha kapoor, dr. ravi verma, dr. anita raj and dr. suneeta krishnan, and padma bhate-deosthali will provide expertise around these issues in the context of india.  instructors course director: michele decker, scd, mph, johns hopkins university content provided by leading global experts in the field. this is an in-depth course with 2 components: core curriculum focused on introduction to gender based violence (gbv) from a global perspective, with competencies for social workers, physicians, nurses, midwives, community health workers, counselors and other health care workers and an emphasis on ensuring a strong health sector response to gbv. india-specific curriculum addressed by india gbv experts in prevention and the health care response. the core curriculum outlines existing data on the global epidemiology of leading forms of gbv and the evidence linking gbv to poor health, with a focus on sexual/reproductive health including hiv. you will learn the state of the science for integrating gbv response within the health sector, including screening, its challenges, strategies, and guidelines for implementation in a wide range of health delivery settings. you will learn the components of a comprehensive clinical assessment, treatment and management of a gbv survivor. we will also discuss strategies for psychosocial support and safety planning. in addition, we will provide a review of the challenges, ethics and best practices in gbv-related research as well asof the policy context of gbv including laws and practices that enable (or undermine) access to justice for survivors.  this course will provide a strong grounding in bothepidemiology and clinical application of current evidence on gbv to allow participants to develop an evidence-based response to gbv in their local communities and clinic settings. the india case study will provide context-specific curriculum to showcase the context of gbv, and the innovation and gbv response in this setting:padmabhate-deosthali will describe the work of dilaasa, an innovative a hospital-based crisis response program; dr. bushra sabri will provide an in-depth discussion on policy and social contextual influences in india; prof. anuradha kapoor will describe the community response to violence; dr. anita raj will discuss child marriage; dr. suneeta krishnan discusses integration of violence response within primary care, and dr. ravi verma will describe strategies to engage men and boys in gbv prevention. with additional optional material, you can learn more about specific gbv topics, cutting edge research, and unique populations impacted by gbv including adolescents, women who trade sex or are trafficked for exploitation, and those in humanitarian/conflict settings. developed in collaboration with johns hopkins open education lab. after taking the course, students will be able to: describe the global epidemiology of leading forms of gbv and the evidence linking gbv to poor health. articulate the challenges, strategies, and who guidelines for integrating gbv response within the health sector. describe the components of a comprehensive clinical assessment, treatment and management of a gbv survivor. describe the appropriate psychosocial support and management of a gbv survivor. articulate the necessary ethical protections for gbv-related research. consider both the policy and practical context of gbv in a given community. module1 epidemiology and health impact gbv comes in a variety of forms, each with health consequences for the survivor. an understanding of these issues helps inform a comprehensive and multisectorial response in preventing and responding to gbv. a case study will provide an in-depth view of these issues in india. module2  integrating gbv in the health sector: screening & support recognition of the health impact of gbv has led to calls to address gbv within the health sector. what is the evidence? what are international best practices? what challenges must be addressed to sustain a gbv response in clinical settings? case study provides an in-depth look at the implementation of a hospital-based intervention program in india. module3  clinical care for gbv survivors caring for gbv survivors requires patient-centered, compassionate, confidential and non-discriminatory clinical assessment. competent medical and forensic examination along with appropriate documentation is essential. module4  psychosocial support for gbv survivors support for gbv survivors extends beyond clinical exam and assessment. safety planning, harm reduction and access to psychosocial or mental health support must be established. case study describes a promising approach for community-based prevention and support in india. module 5  research, policy, practice and prevention gbv research has unique challenges. ethical considerations are inherent. policy plays a role in both practice and prevention. what community-based strategies exist for gbv prevention and intervention, and what evidence exists to support these? supplemental case studies: in this section, special populations and programs are highlighted. these include violence in humanitarian settings, adolescents, sex workers, and human trafficking. child marriage in india and an integrated gbv/hiv intervention program in uganda will be examined. well highlight the work from the innovative pigs for peace program in democratic republic of congo, and the cehat dilaasa crisis centre of mumbai, india. this course is appropriate for medical and public health practitioners, policy-makers, and researchers who want to better address gbv in their patient and client populations, who need to understand more about gbv and its health impact, and who suspect their patient populations may have need for gbv related services. a case study will describe the unique challenges and strategies for harm reduction for indian women. suggested readings will introduce students to seminal readings in the field as well as cutting-edge research, and international best practices and recommendations. all readings will be provided."
mooc	course	v1-1044	genomic and precision medicine	"a critical, unbiased introduction to using new genomic tools for diagnosing and managing disease. *** note: the course videos can be accessed on-demand here. for questions, please contact me at jeanette.mccarthy@ucsf.edu. precision medicine has the potential to change fundamentally how health care is practiced, but requires a health care workforce that understands the complexities of this field. one important component of precision medicine is the use of an individuals genomic information to offer targeted treatment, tailored to the individual. our course aims to provide participants with some baseline knowledge of genomics, an overview of the clinical applications of genomic medicine, the skills to evaluate the clinical validity and utility of new tests, and an appreciation of the associated ethical and social issues inherent in this field. the course is geared toward practicing health care providers, although it should be accessible to anyone with a background in the biological sciences and a basic understanding of genetics. it is designed to be succinct and clinically-focused, offering both conceptual and practical information about real-world applications of genomics. lessons 1 and 4 offer a basic primer on molecular genomics relevant to the individual patient as well as to patient populations. the remaining five lessons focus on five applications of genomics and present the material as case studies, highlighting the strengths, limitations, and issues that arise in the use of each test. week 1: new insights into the structure of the human genome and different types of genetic and non-genetic variation that occur week 2: genetic screening and diagnosis: prenatal carrier testing and newborn screening for mendelian diseases week 3: the use of next-generation sequencing for solving diagnostic dilemmas week 4: methods used in patient populations to uncover associations between genome variation and common diseases week 5: predictive tests for common, complex diseases week 6: pharmacogenomic testing for drug selection, dosing and predicting adverse effects of commonly prescribed drugs week 7: tumor profiling for targeting cancer treatment and the use of blood-based gene expression profiles in cancer prognosis students should have some background in biology/medicine, and have a basic understanding of genetics. look for our new textbook, precision medicine:a guide to genomics in clinical practice,published bymcgraw hill in december 2016. if you are a bit rusty in genetics, we recommend that you check out the new genetics. the new genetics 'is a science education booklet [that] explains the role of genes in health and disease, the basics of dna and its molecular cousin rna, and new directions in genetic research.' the publication can be accessed at the following link: http://publications.nigms.nih.gov/thenewgenetics/index.html national institute of general medical sciences. (2010). the new genetics. bethesda, md: u.s. department of health and human services."
mooc	course	v1-1572	geospatial intelligence & the geospatial revolution	"learn how the revolution in geospatial technology combined with the tradecraft of geospatial intelligence (geoint) have changed how we develop insights about how humans use geography, and discover the power of geoint. join us for the exciting journey to learn about geoints application in business, law enforcement, and defense. advances in satellites, gps, unmanned aerial systems, wireless communications, handheld computing, and the ability to automate laborious map analysis processes has transformed what used to be called geographic intelligence, or geoint, and the nature of the insights provided to managers and leaders. geoint is more than just analysts working with gis in a secure intelligence facility. we have gone from mountains of hardcopy maps to amazing automated systems that provide previously unavailable understanding. geoint helps us daily with real-time apps to guide decision making. geoint combines geographic information science and technologies with an analytic tradecraft. in this course you will experience the value of geoint. you will learn how to design and execute a geospatial analysis project using geoint tools and tradecraft. the course is designed for the individual who wants to learn the basics of geoint and it is not designed for the geospatial intelligence professional. we're eager to welcome you to the revolution. week one:what is geoint? learn what geoint is and how it provides a powerful way of thinking about and finding solutions to complex humanitarian, military, economic, and cultural problems. we'll discuss the role of secrecy and its challenges. week two: geoint data. examine the types and nature of data used to create geoint, including textual information, imagery, and geospatial data. discuss how location-based data is changing conceptions of privacy. week three:geoint data sources. understand how geoint data is collected by a variety of methods including satellites, drones, crowdsourcing, and through social media. week four:the geoint tradecraft. apply the art and science of extracting meaning from geoint data to uncover and investigate relationships and patterns. week five:applying geoint principles. use geoint principles to evaluate and transform raw data into descriptions, explanations, or judgments about a place. no background is required; all are welcome. if you're already a geoint professional, then you will find this class a bit basic, in which case i hope you'll consider taking the online courses that we offer at penn state. no readings aside from the course content are required, but students are encouraged to explore the nature of geographic information and the psychology of intelligence analysis."
mooc	course	v1-297	general game playing	"learn about general game playing (ggp) and develop ggp programs capable of competing against humans and other programs in ggp competitions . general game players are computer systems able to play strategy games based solely on formal game descriptions supplied at 'runtime'. (in other words, they don't know the rules until the game starts.) unlike specialized game players, such as deep blue, general game players cannot rely on algorithms designed in advance for specific games; they must discover such algorithms themselves. general game playing expertise depends on intelligence on the part of the game player and not just intelligence of the programmer of the game player. ggp is an interesting application in its own right. it is intellectually engaging and more than a little fun. but it is much more than that. it provides a theoretical framework for modeling discrete dynamic systems and for defining rationality in a way that takes into account problem representation and complexities like incompleteness of information and resource bounds. it has practical applications in areas where these features are important, e.g. in business and law. more fundamentally, it raises questions about the nature of intelligence and serves as a laboratory in which to evaluate competing approaches to artificial intelligence. this course is an introduction to general game playing (ggp). students will get an introduction to the theory of general game playing and willlearn how to create ggp programs capable of competing against other programs and humans.  students should be familiar with symbolic logic and should be able to read and understandprogram fragments writtenin amodern programming language. this background is sufficientfor understanding the presentation andfor configuring players to compete in competitions (using software components provided by the instructors). students who wish to modify the standard components or who wish tobuild their own playersalso needthe ability to develop programs on their own. this latter abilityis desirable but not required. "
mooc	course	v1-3497	global environmental management	"learn about the best environmental technologies for a sustainable development and how they are managed in various settings around the world. this course explores how we in the globalized world manages the environmental challenges. pollution problems, lack of clean water and other resources are mainly a result of human actions and the way we have chosen to live. we are are all connected, for better or worse, polluting across boarders, consuming things that are supplied and produced in other parts of the world. every society has strengths and weaknesses and we will look at how environmental challenges are handled differently in different societies. the course will focus on environmental technologies and how they are managed.we will present and discuss this on systemic level, focusing on getting a clear understanding of advantages and drawbacks, the related technologies and their viability in different settings around the world.it is important to understand that a technology and management solution has to work in the environment and society it is meant for. week one is spent on getting up to date with the global trends, like what we know about global warming, demographic development and global resources; where we are right now? week two and three the focus is on management aspect, how storm water and solid waste are managed by utilities, how decisions are taken locally and globally and how people are involved in these processes. in week fourand fivewe look at the technical solutions: what are the state of the art technologies when it comes to avoid polluting drinking water sources? how can we recycle scarce resources? how to better utilize land resources? at least two years an undergraduate study of any science somehow related the environment. "
mooc	course	v1-1293	the changing global order	"this course deals with international relations, peace and security and brings together a number of experts from the field and academia to share their perspectives. the course will help you gain insight into conflict resolution and the role organizations such as the united nations security council, the european union, the african union and nato play in a changing world. how are international power relations changing and how can global peace and stability be maintained? this course familiarizes you with some main theories of international relations, shows how the global order is gradually changing and discusses how selected international and regional organizations contribute to the maintenance of global peace and security. you learn what research findings tell us in terms of the capacity of international organizations and actors to help prevent or stop violent conflict, what tools are used to negotiate agreements and how foundations for sustainable peace are best created. in the course, we also focus on the role of the european union (eu) in terms of diplomacy and efforts to prevent conflict, the north atlantic treaty organization (nato) and the contribution of some other regional organizations to the prevention of conflict and war. we also look at activities of the united nations security council (unsc) and, in the context of a final debate, see in which ways its membership could be adapted to more accurately reflect the power relations of the current global order. you learn about all of these topics by doing quizzes and exercises testing your knowledge of these subjects, helping you understand crucial concepts and get insights into how the academic study of international relations and international organization can contribute to the search for global stability and peace in practice. this course is part of the specialization track 'the challenges in global affairs', which contains three courses and a capstone project. the courses do not have to be taken in any particular order. week 1: introduction to international relations week 2: the changing world order: rising powers and international institutions week 3: conflict, conflict resolution and security week 4: regional organizations in global affairs: the examples of the european union, the african union, the shanghai cooperation organization and the arctic council week 5: nato in a changing world week 6: reforming the united nations security council: strategies and proposals students of international relations, international law, political science, history, sociology and professionals interested in the field of international relations and security studies with relevant work experience. "
mooc	course	v1-1767	global perspectives on sexual and reproductive health and rights (srhr)	"questions related to sexuality and reproduction are intimately linked to health, well-being and human rights. in this course, you will gain a unique opportunity to explore the field of srhr together with participants from around the world, and to reflect upon themes and issues that are of global relevance. sexual and reproductive health and rights (srhr) are issues of global concern. sexuality and reproduction are core aspects of human existence, and shape the lives of people in all parts of the world. as conditions change, for example through globalization and socio-economic development, new challenges and opportunities emerge. in this course, we will introduce you to some of the main themes in srhr today  global policies in sexual and reproductive health and rights, youth sexual health, maternal and reproductive health, contraception and fertility, sexually transmitted infections (stis) and hiv/aids, violence and coercion in sexual and reproductive contexts, human rights and sexual identity. we will examine both underlying issues and questions that are relevant throughout the world, as well as challenges that occur in specific settings. you will meet our international team of faculty members and experts, who will highlight the dynamics and challenges inherent in these themes by examining them within the context of current global policy issues, such as sustainability, gender equality, social justice, democracy/participation, and the human rights perspective. you will also get a unique opportunity to explore and discuss the course themes with fellow participants from around the world. selected lectures and seminars will be given by our international team of faculty members, who have worked with and lectured on srhr issues within a broad range of contexts. the course is led by associate professors anette agardh and jerker liljestrand from the faculty of medicine at lund university, sweden. the course will start with an introductory session that presents an overview of the main themes and provides some definitions concerning the terminology used in the course. the subsequent weekly topics will cover global policies in the field of sexual and reproductive health and rights,youth sexuality and health, sexual identity, violence, coercion and human rights in the context of sexual and reproductive health, maternal health, contraception, and sexually transmitted infections (stis) and hiv/aids. no specific background is required. we welcome anyone with an interest in srhr, including health care professionals, students in related academic fields, policy makers and other stakeholders working with srhr issues. the course does not address or concern the medical aspects of diseases or conditions, and no knowledge of medical terminology is needed. the course is an introduction to srhr and the main lectures and reading will reflect this. if you already have experience of the field and want to learn more, there will be extra reading and assignments (and discussion topics) to keep you challenged. the lectures serve as the main source of information. each course week, we will provide links that allow you to access suggested reading free of cost. "
mooc	course	v1-1838	"gps: an introduction to satellite navigation, with an interactive worldwide laboratory using smartphones"	"explore the fundamentals of the global positioning system (gps) and how it works by conducting 'backyard' laboratory experiments on your own mobile device. learn the basics of satellite navigation and witness the power of a network with planet-wide coverage. gain a deeper understanding of gps and its role in our lives, while interacting with a worldwide community of learners and backyard scientists. today, the global positioning system (gps) is deployed in over three billion devices across the world. this course will teach you the fundamentals of how gps works and introduce you to the diverse range of uses of satellite navigationin all aspects of our lives. through vivid online lectures and a set of 'backyard experiments' enabled by the widespread availability of gps-enabled smart phones and tablets, students will be able to connect online learning to real-world experience. even those who do not own laptop or desktop computers can take part; they will be able to view lectures and completing labs via mobile device only. we hope students will enjoy the interactive nature of the course, while gaining knowledge that benefits their personal and professional lives. please visit www.gps-lab.org for up-to-date details! part i. fundamentals of gps introduction introduction how gps works and what it does for us (enge) course objectives & schedule (enge, van diggelen) the joy of gps (van diggelen)  module 1: how gps works (enge) how gps works navigation in our lives: the exxon valdez module 2: pseudoranges (enge) linearization & error analysis accuracy & dilution of precision (dop) differential gps navigation in our lives: landing airplanes using gps experiment a: accuracy module 3: orbits and signals (enge) satellite orbits signals, codes navigation in our lives: maritime & air surveillance experiment b: satellite visibility part ii. modern gps receivers: cell phones, tablets and more! module 4: receiver design basics (van diggelen) power, receiver design acquisition navigation in our lives: gps in sports experiment c: gps signal power module 5: assisted gps (van diggelen) supplanting the navigation message improving sensitivity navigation in our lives: theres an app for that module 6: the future of gps and satellite navigation (van diggelen)  gnss, all global navigation satellite systems  glonass, qzss, beidou, galileo, irnss, and future gps (gps iii) navigation in our lives: gps everywhere as this course will involve some mathematics and equations, we strongly recommend an undergraduate education in a technical discipline (engineering, mathematics or physics). p. misra and p. enge, global positioning system: signals, measurements and performance. ganga-jumuna press, revised second edition, available at gpstextbook.com or amazon.com f. van diggelen, a-gps: assisted gps, gnss and sbas. artech house, available at amazon.com and artechhouse.com http://www.artechhouse.com/main/books/agps-assisted-gps-gnss-and-sbas-1453.aspx"
mooc	course	v1-1774	take the lead on healthcare quality improvement	"this course presents the concepts and processes of quality improvement (qi) and the importance of qi in improving patient outcomes.  its aim is to enhance the competence of working healthcare professionals to lead and participate in interprofessional healthcare teams that are focused on quality improvement.   in this course you will learn about the importance of quality in healthcare and how you can contribute by implementing a project to improve processes of care and patient outcomes. by learning the methods of qi and implementing these methods, you will add powerful qi tools to your toolbox. you will learn the steps in the qi process during short lectures and reflective exercises, then you will identify a clinically relevant project to address in your own practice setting or a personal improvement project and apply the qi tools. the qi project will be considered within the context of interprofessional teams and from a systems perspective. care environments are complex settings and call for a sophisticated set of collaborative teamwork skills and systems thinking. the objective of this course is to empower you, the working healthcare professional, to improve your knowledge and skills in the science of quality improvement so that you can take action in your own clinical setting to improve the quality of care for your patients and their families. this course has been approved for 27.7 contact hours and for module by module contact hours. see module agenda for number of contact hours available for specific modules. these contact hours will be awarded to participants who complete individual modules and the evaluation components.frances payne bolton school of nursing (oh-216/11-01-15) is an approved provider of continuing nursing education by the ohio nurses association (obn-001-91), an accredited approver by the american nurses credentialing center's commission on accreditation. the 5-week course provides healthcare professionals across the world with the basic knowledge and skills to improve the quality and safety of health care using process improvement methods. quality and safety in healthcare is an international priority. in the united states, it is a driver for change that is mandated by regulation, accreditation and reimbursement. therefore it is essential to educateall healthcare professionals, faculty and studentsabout contemporary approaches to improve quality and safety, supporting the goal to move quality improvement out of the quality department and into the hands of the professionals who deliver care. this is an interprofessional course. the audience for the course includes front-line healthcare professionals, faculty and students in health professions schools, and other interested individuals. it is most relevant for nurses, physicians, pharmacists, social workers, therapists, dietitians, and healthcare administrators. an interdisciplinary framework is used that includes both theory and experiential components. the emphasis is on acquiring competence in quality improvement methods and teamwork and collaboration. the course will transform healthcare professionals to not only do their work, but also to improve their work. upon completion of the course, learners will be able to apply methods of continuous quality improvement to: define quality and safety problems in the healthcare system; assess organizational contextual factors and benchmarks of best practices in quality and safety;and design, implement, and evaluate tests of change to improve healthcare systems. learners will integrate the principles of interprofessional teamwork as an essential feature of the improvement process. for each of five weeks there are two 1-hour didactic modules with active learning that include: videos of core learning content (see syllabus outline); lessons learned from the field that include stories from healthcare professionals; active interaction using assignments and case studies; reflective exercises on the discussion board to apply the learning to the participants work settings; and required readings in advance of each module. evaluation consists of achievement of learner competencies that are assessed with: pre and post course evaluation for qi knowledge, attitudes, systems thinking and pre and post module evaluation of self-efficacy; quiz after each module; and learner evaluation of the course.continuous quality improvement in action through case study analysis and individual clinically based projects, participants will experience and reflect on the dimensions of improvement: explain the system of care; identify factors related to psychology of change; differentiate the types of variation (common and special) present in a process; and describe one plan-do-study-act cycle.interdisciplinary team work through work within teams within the clinical setting, participants will: describe why and how disciplines, each representing a body of scientific knowledge, must work together to achieve continual improvement of health care; demonstrate an appreciation for various health disciplines and a realization that improvement will occur by cooperative problem solving; analyze the contributions of each discipline to the group project; identify ways to improve collaborative efforts; and demonstrate the ability to give and receive constructive feedback. the course is divided into modules addressing: week # module # content 11  overview of healthcare quality improvement  2  evidence for improvement, literature, internet and more 23 interprofessional teams for improvement work  4  knowledge of systems 35 targeting your aim from global to specific  6  measuring for improvement 47 data variation and control charts  8  the human side of qi: psychology of change 59 pilot, implement & spread change: the model for                           improvement  10  putting it all together: facilitating & leading change the audience for the course includes front-line healthcare professionals, faculty and students in health professions schools, and other interested individuals. it is most relevant for nurses, physicians, pharmacists, social workers, therapists, dietitians, and healthcare administrators. students should be able to read and write comfortably in english at a high school level. fundamentals of heath care improvement: a guide to improving your patients' care (2012), second edition ogrinc, g., headrick, l, moore, s.m., barton, a.j., dolansky, m.a., madigosky, w. s. isbn-10: 1599405695, isbn-13: 978-1599405698"
mooc	course	v1-527	the science of safety in healthcare	"health professionals and students and health consumers interested in learning about patient safety will acquire foundational knowledge of the principles of the science and culture of safety in healthcare in this five-week course. enrollment options those interested in participating in thiscourse have three options: free enrollment:click sign up to enroll in course for free and earn a statement of accomplishment upon completion. signature track enrollment:click signature track and follow the enrollment steps. you will be required to pay a $39 non-refundable fee. upon course completion you will receive a verified certificate, which employers can search.whats this? continuing nursing education (cne) credit: for healthcare professionals interested in earning continuing nurse education (cne) contact hours you must: complete signature track enrollment. complete registration process through johns hopkins university school of nursing. you will be required to pay an additional non-refundable fee of $60 in addition to the $39 fee for signature track. signing up for cne credit if youre interested in signing up for cne credit and have already signed up for signature track, click this link to register for cne: https://www.regonline.com/scienceofsafety about the course almost everyone will be a patient at some point in their lives. estimates suggest that over 98,000 patients die in us hospitals each year due to medical errors; making medical errors a leading cause of death. adverse events in healthcare often result from problems in the complex systems of care. improving patient safety demands a complex system-wide effort, involving a wide range of actions in performance improvement, environmental safety and risk management. healthcare professionals and consumers must partner in these efforts. the content of this course has been adapted from the intensive five-day patient safety certificate program offered by the johns hopkins armstrong institute for patient safety and quality as well as the helene fuld fellows program undergraduate course content from the johns hopkins university school of nursing. week i: overview: in this module, an overview of the science of safety and an introduction to a culture of safety in healthcare will be provided. patient safety q&a creating a culture of safety the science of safety week 2: enabling and contextual factors influencing patient safety and quality: enabling and contextual factors, including communication, teamwork, and healthcare human factors, that influence patient safety and quality will be explored in this module. complementary presentations by jhu faculty will introduce strategies to enhance communication and teamwork. leadership to enhance communication communication toolkit i: effective communication communication toolkit ii: teamwork human and environmental factors: contribution to error patient involvement in patient safety increasing family participation in care week 3: methods to improve safety and quality: given the system complexity and various sources of healthcare safety and quality defects, multiple methodologies are required to improve safety and quality. in addition, sound measurement approaches are required to know whether risk has been reduced. in this module, several examples of available methodologies to improve safety as well as measurement strategies will be examined. understanding cusp and the cusp team learning from defects in patient care using event reports to design safer systems measuring success in safety initiatives disclosing adverse events patient centered care week 4: translating evidence into practice and leading change: in this module learners will explore the trip model for translating evidence into practice, review an integrated approach to improving the reliability of care, and distinguish the technical and adaptive challenges of safety and quality improvement. translating evidence into practice leading change the need for improvement science what can you do to improve patient safety? the business case for patient safety q and a 'ask us anything' week 5: summary and future challenges meet the patient safety experts patient safety fellowship opportunities for learning at the armstrong institute opportunities for learning at the jhu school of nursing  "
mooc	course	v1-129	heterogeneous parallel programming	"this course introduces concepts, languages, techniques, and patterns for programming heterogeneous, massively parallel processors. its contents and structure have been significantly revised based on the experience gained from its initial offering in 2012. it covers heterogeneous computing architectures, data-parallel programming models, techniques for memory bandwidth management, and parallel algorithm patterns. all computing systems, from mobile to supercomputers, are becoming heterogeneous, massively parallelcomputers for higher power efficiency andcomputation throughput. while the computing community is racing to build tools and libraries toease the use of these systems, effective and confident useof these systems will always require knowledge about low-level programmingin these systems. this course is designed for students to learn the essenceof low-level programming interfaces and how to use these interfaces to achieve application goals. cuda c, with its good balance between user control and verboseness, will serve as the teaching vehicle for the first half of the course. students will then extend their learning into closely related programming interfaces such as opencl, openacc, and c++amp. the course is unique in that it is application oriented and only introduces the necessaryunderlying computer science and computer engineering knowledge for understanding.it covers the concept of data parallel execution models, memory models for managing locality, tiling techniques for reducing bandwidth consumption, parallel algorithm patterns,overlapping computation with communication, and a variety of heterogeneous parallel programming interfaces. the concepts learned in this course form a strong foundation for learning other types of parallel programming systems. week one: introduction to heterogeneous computing, overview of cuda c, and kernel-based parallel programming, with lab tour and programming assignment of vector addition in cuda c. week two: memory model for locality, tiling for conserving memory bandwidth, handling boundary conditions, and performance considerations, withprogramming assignment of simple matrix-matrix multiplication in cuda c. week three: parallel convolution pattern, with programming assignment of tiled matrix-matrix multiplication in cuda c. week four: parallel scan pattern, with programmingassignment of parallel convolution in cuda c. week five: parallel histogram pattern and atomic operations, with programming assignment of parallel scan in cuda c. week six: data transfer and task parallelism, with programming assignment of parallel histogram in cuda c. week seven: introduction to opencl, introduction to c++amp, introduction to openacc, with programming assignment of vector addition using streams in cuda c. week eight: course summary, other related programming models thrust,bolt, and cuda fortran, with programming assignment of simple matrix-matrix multiplication in choice of opencl, c++amp, or openacc. week nine: complete any remaining lab assignments, with optional, bonus programming assignments in choice of opencl, c++amp, or openacc. programming experience in c/c++. although the class is designed to be self-contained, students wanting to expand their knowledge beyond what we can cover in a one-quarter class can find a much more extensive coverage of this topic in the book programming massively parallel processors: a hands-on approach (applications of gpu computing series) - 2nd edition, by david kirk and wen-mei hwu, published by morgan kaufmann (elsevier), isbn 0123814723."
mooc	course	v1-122	the hardware/software interface	"examines key computational abstraction levels below modern high-level languages. from java/c to assembly programming, to basic processor and system organization. this course examines key computational abstraction levels below modern high-level languages; number representation, assembly language, introduction to c, memory management, the operating-system process model, high-level machine architecture including the memory hierarchy, and how high-level languages are implemented. we will develop students sense of what really happens when software runs  and that this question can be answered at several levels of abstraction, including the hardware architecture level, the assembly level, the c programming level and the java programming level. the core around which the course is built is c, assembly, and low-level data representation, but this is connected to higher levels (roughly how basic java could be implemented), lower levels (the general structure of a processor and the memory hierarchy), and the role of the operating system (but not how the operating system is implemented). this course should develop students sense of what really happens when software runs  and convey that this question can be answered at several levels of abstraction, including the hardware architecture level, the assembly level, the c programming level and the java programming level. the core around which the course is built is c, assembly, and low-level data representation, but this is connected to higher levels (roughly how basic java could be implemented), lower levels (the general structure of a processor), and the role of the operating system (but not how the operating system is implemented). for (computer science) students wanting to specialize at higher levels of abstraction, this could in the extreme be the only course they take that considers the c level and below. however, most will take a subset of systems programming, hardware design and implementation, operating systems, compilers, etc. for students interested in hardware, embedded systems, computer engineering, computer architecture, etc., this course is the introductory course after which other courses will delve both deeper (into specific topics) and lower (into hardware implementation, circuit design, etc.). the course has three principal themes: representation: how different data types (from simple integers to arrays of data structures) are represented in memory, how instructions are encoded, and how memory addresses (pointers) are generated and used to create complex structures. translation: how high-level languages are translated into the basic instructions embodied in process hardware with a particular focus on c and java. control flow: how computers organize the order of their computations, keep track of where they are in large programs, and provide the illusion of multiple processes executing in parallel. at the end of this course, students should: understand the multi-step process by which a high-level program becomes a stream of instructions executed by a processor; know what a pointer is and how to use it in manipulating complex data structures; be facile enough with assembly programming (x86) to write simple pieces of code and understand how it maps to high-level languages (and vice-versa); understand the basic organization and parameters of memory hierarchy and its importance for system performance; be able to explain the role of an operating system; know how java fundamentally differs from c; grasp what parallelism is and why it is important at the system level; and be more effective programmers (more efficient at finding bugs, improved intuition about system performance). topics: number representation assembly language basics of c memory management operating-system process model high-level machine architecture memory hierarchy implementation of high-level languages introductory programming in c or java as well as familiarity with binary numbers. text are recommended but not required: computer systems: a programmers perspective, 2nd edition (cs:app2e) randal e. bryant and david r. ohallaron prentice-hall, 2010 purchase direct from pearson purchase ebook from coursesmart purchase print or kindle edition from amazon.com students are also encouraged to have access to a good c reference  any will do  there are many available on the web as well: the c programming language (kernighan and ritchie) c: a reference manual (harbison and steele)"
mooc	course	v1-95	building an information risk management toolkit	"in this course, you will explore several structured, risk management approaches that guide information security decision-making. in this course, you will explore several structured, risk management approaches that guide information security decision-making. course topics include: developing and maintaining risk assessments (ra); developing and maintaining risk management plans (rm); regulatory and legal compliance issues affecting risk plans; developing a control framework for mitigating risks; risk transfer; business continuity and disaster recovery planning from the information security perspective. consider upgrading to an enhanced, more rigorous version of this course offered online at the university of washington. youll gain access to meaningful interaction with instructors and additional assignments, readings and multimedia material, as well as earn a valuable university of washington credential.   "
mooc	course	v1-103	information security and risk management in context	"learn to defend and protect vital company information using the latest technology and defense strategies. analyze internal and external threats to proactively prevent information attacks. gain experience by solving real-world problems and leave the class equipped to establish and oversee information security. explore the latest techniques for securing information and its systems, from policies andprocedures to technologies and audit. learn from leading experts who share proven practicesin areas such as mobile workforce safety, security metrics, electronic evidence oversight and coping with e-crime and e-discovery. study the protection of cloud computing information. discoverhow to foster the development of future information security leaders. topics covered include: information security strategies and individual privacy legal security implications medical health record confidentiality and integrity cutting-edge technologies   "
mooc	course	v1-100	designing and executing information security strategies	"this course provides you with opportunities to integrate and apply your information security knowledge. this course provides you with opportunities to integrate and apply your information security knowledge. this course provides you with opportunities to integrate and apply your information security knowledge. following the case-study approach, you will be introduced to current, real-world cases developed and presented by the practitioner community. you will design and execute information assurance strategies to solve these cases. topics explored include: analysis and problem solving using casescontractedfrom real world problems in information assurance including: selection and application of controls construction of security policies understanding and application of regulatory requirements understanding and application of business constraints communication of risk to non-information assurance professionals identification and remediation of new threats analysis and performance of incident response communication of information assurance principles and concepts peer reviewed analysis of each case reading and class explanation of good and bad examples (from news and public sources) reading and peer discussion of current events in information assurance with successful completion of the course students should be able to: describe the nature of security risk in a business and an it context compare and apply several models for security risk assessment facilitate a risk assessment process and gain consensus on risk-based decisions incorporate risk assessment into an it security plan ability to analyze cyber security threats and vulnerabilities in the context of an organization ability to analyze cyber security policies, plans and procedures understanding of the organizational governance principles in cybersecurity understanding of privacy, accountability and ethical behavior as it applies to cybersecurity. understanding of formal models for information security general knowledge of risk management frameworks "
mooc	course	v1-229	leading strategic innovation in organizations	"improve your ability to manage creativity and to lead an innovation strategy in businesses, schools, hospitals, governments, and other complex organizations and institutions, by diagnosing likely innovation failures before they occur. this course is intended to help you improve your ability to manage creativity, innovation and change in business, education, healthcare, government, and in any other complex organization or institution by diagnosing potential innovation failures before they can occur. using an innovation constraints framework that draws on modern social science research and on insights from business practice, participants will learn how to best manage people (be they co-workers, bosses, customers, clients, friends or any other stakeholders) when innovation is the goal. while we see several examples of technological innovation, we are not focused on the management of technology. instead, we focus on something much more powerful: understanding and managing the people engaged in creation, innovation and positive change, regardless of the context. the course is designed to help you answer the following types of questions: what are the conditions for successful innovation? what causes innovation to fail? what makes creative people creative? how should i manage an innovative team? how do i lead an effective brainstorm process? what is an innovation portfolio and how can i manage one? why do so many great ideas get killed? the approach in this class will be to treat innovation as the process of generating, assessing, and then implementing useful and valuable ideas. as we will discuss, generating ideas is relatively easy; what can be hard is getting those ideas listened to, accepted, and implemented in organizations. in addition to learning how to lead creative people and creative teams, participants will also learn techniques for improving their own creativity. during the course you will engage numerous activities and exercises intended to bring current habits of thought and behavior to the surface for examination and change. week 1: introduction: why everyone wants innovation but no one wants to change we introduce the approach of the class: instead of trying to be innovative, just stop stopping it. we discuss a framework for analyzing the six most common barriers (constraints) that stop innovation. week 2: individual constraints: why most of us are more creative than we think psychologists treat innovation as a problem of having creative ideas; we sometimes stop innovation by not 'thinking different'. this week explores the constraints of perception, intellection, and expression and offers strategies for overcoming them. week 3: group constraints: why a brainstorm meeting can be worse than no meeting at all social psychologists treat innovation as a group problem: we often don't get early support for our ideas because of adverse group dynamics. this week looks at the constraints of emotion, culture, and process in groups as well as the environment within which groups work, and looks at ways to overcome them. week 4: organizational constraints: why youll never be a prophet in your own hometown the field of management sees the problem of innovation as one of the organization; organization is the opposite of innovation, after all. this week explores the constraints of strategy, structure, and resources and we explore ways of framing them that will help us to overcome them. week 5: industry constraints: if its such a great idea, why isnt our competitor doing it? an economist view of failed innovation sees it as a problem of adoption; when there's no market to adopt it, it's not an innovation, it's just a creative idea. we look at the constraints of competition, suppliers, and markets and discuss strategies you can use to relax them. week 6: societal constraints: why my innovation means you have to change the sociological and anthropological perspective suggests that societies control or obstruct innovations that are deemed as dangerous or contrary to societal values. this week explores the constraints of identity, social control, and history and we will seek an understanding of how we might avoid them. week 7: technological constraints: how to take a really hard problem and make it completely impossible engineers and scientists see failed innovation as a failure of technology; if it doesn't work, it's not an innovation. here we explore the constraints of knowledge, time, and the natural environment. rather than trying to overcome them, we develop strategies for working within these constraints. week 8: when failure is not an option: leading an innovation strategy the final week has us putting the entire model together into the leadership context. we will learn about innovation portfolios and discuss a tested process for moving innovations from ideas to realities. this animated video describes the basic issues addressed by the course. ideally, participants will have had experience working in an organization. management experience is a plus, but is not required.  i recommend that that students purchase to the book'creative people must be stopped!' which was written specifically for this course. each chapter in the book corresponds to one week in the course."
mooc	course	v1-703	inquiry science learning: perspectives and practices 2 - techniques for success	"this is the second in a series of four courses; each addressing a different set of skills science educators need to meet the demands of their career. in this course, teachers will engage in experiences designed to develop the skills needed to create a more powerful science learning environment in their classroom. a revolution is underway in science classrooms. the demands of the new workplace and the ready access to information afforded by new technologies have radically changed the way we define a scientifically literate society. more than ever teachers need professional development that provides them with the resources they need and empowers them to take the action required to build classrooms where the next generation of scientifically literate students will flourish. inquiry science learning: perspectives and practicesconsists of four courses, each designed to address a different strand in the development of skills teachers need to meet the demands of their career, including the following. science leadership techniques for success science content student-centered inquiry in this second course we will focus on helping teachers master techniques and strategies that create a learning environment that will empower students and enhance their mastery of science content and skills. week 1:standards dissection: participants will learn how to analyze the verbiage of their science standards in order to turn the concepts within into meaningful learning experiences week 2:assessment that informs teaching: participants will learn how to evaluate and develop better multiple choice assessment items to provide useable data week 3:questioning strategies: participant will learn how to construct rich questions that will encourage all learners to participate in the inquiry process week 4:prepared environment: participants will learn easy ways to change their classroom environment in order to promote independent exploration no previous coursework is recommended, but the course will be most helpful to teachers with 3 or more years of teaching experience who are willing to directly apply experiences in their schools. while the course was designed with the k-8 teacher in mind, the topics covered are appropriate for all teachers, including those teaching in high school. the suggested readings will be provided at a later date."
mooc	course	v1-15	introduction to logic	"in this course, you will learn how to formalize information and reason systematically to produce logical conclusions. we will also examine logic technology and its applications - in mathematics, science, engineering, business, law, and so forth. logic is one of the oldest intellectual disciplines in human history. it dates back to the times of aristotle; it has been studied through the centuries; and it is still a subject of active investigation today. this course is a basic introduction to logic. it shows how to formalize information in form of logical sentences. it shows how to reason systematically with this information to produce all logical conclusions and only logical conclusions. and it examines logic technology and its applications - in mathematics, science, engineering, business, law, and so forth. the course differs from other introductory courses in logic in two important ways. first of all, it teaches a novel theory of logic that improves accessibility while preserving rigor. second, the material is laced with interactive demonstrations and exercises that suggest the many practical applications of the field.   "
mooc	course	v1-328	introduction to psychology	"this course is all about you ... your mind, your behavior, and what underlies them both.  it will be a fast paced tour of the most important experiments in psychology, one that is intended to fascinate, inform, and provoke deep thought.  come learn about yourself with us! this course highlights the most interesting experiments within the field of psychology, discussing the implications of those studies for our understanding of the human mind and human behavior. we will explore the brain and some of the cognitive abilities it supports like memory, learning, attention, perception and consciousness. we will examine human development - both in terms of growing up and growing old - and will discuss the manner in which the behavior of others affect our own thoughts and behavior. finally we will discuss various forms of mental illness and the treatments that are used to help those who suffer from them.  the fact of the matter is that humans routinely do amazing things without appreciating how interesting they are. however, we are also routinely influenced by people and events without always being aware of those influences. by the end of this course you will have gained a much better understanding and appreciation of who you are and how you work. and i can guarantee you that you'll learn things that you'll be telling your friends and family about, things that will fundamentally change the way you think of yourself and others. how can you resist that?! the course will be 8 weeks long in total, with topics varying as follows. week 1: a brief history and introduction to the science of psychology week 2: the matter of the mind week 3: sensation, perception, attention and awareness week 4: learning week 5: memory week 6: the social mind week 7: mental illness week 8: your requested extra lectures! no specific background is required. if you have a hungry mind ... a mind that wants to learn more about itself, then you are most welcome in my course! i do not assume any specific readings. if you have access to any introductory psychology book, you might want to reference it if i discuss something you'd like to learn more about, but you could do that with internet-based research as well. in addition, we will have a wiki associated with the course, which will allow you guys to expand on the topics i discuss in the course. that wiki will be made available to all and will allow you to either learn more about certain topics, or share things you learned that are not yet in the wiki."
mooc	course	v1-329	statistics: making sense of data	"this course is an introduction to the key ideas and principles of the collection, display, and analysis of data to guide you in making valid and appropriate conclusions about the world. we live in a world where data are increasingly available, in ever larger quantities, and are increasingly expected to form the basis for decisions by governments, businesses, and other organizations, as well as by individuals in their daily lives. to cope effectively, every informed citizen must be statistically literate.  this course will provide an intuitive introduction to applied statistical reasoning, introducing fundamental statistical skills and acquainting students with the full process of inquiry and evaluation used in investigations in a wide range of fields. in particular, the course will cover methods of data collection, constructing effective graphical and numerical displays to understand the data, how to estimate and describe the error in estimates of some important quantities, and the key ideas in how statistical tests can be used to separate significant differences from those that are only a reflection of the natural variability in data. a first look at data weeks 1-2: summary statistics and graphical displays for a single categorical or quantitative variable and for relationships between two variables. collecting data week 2: sampling. observational studies and experiments. the effect of confounding and concluding causation. probability week 3: probability models, the normal distribution, the law of large numbers, the central limit theorem, sampling distributions. confidence intervals week 4: confidence intervals and sample size estimation for proportions and means. tests ofsignificance week 5: tests of significance, power and sample size estimation for proportions and means two samples week 6: tests of significance and confidence intervals for proportions and means in the two sample case. simple linear regression week 7: method of least squares, evaluating model fit, the effects of outliers and influential observations. the process of statistical inquiry week 8: capstone case study. students should be comfortable with basic high-school-level mathematics. "
mooc	course	v1-762	mathematical methods for quantitative finance	"mathematical methods for quantitative finance covers topics from calculus and linear algebra that are fundamental for the study of mathematical finance. students successfully completing this course will be mathematically well prepared to study quantitative finance at the graduate level. the mathematical methods for quantitative finance course reviews the mathematical methods fundamental forthe study of quantitative and computational finance. the areas of focus include calculus andmultivariable calculus, constrained and unconstrained optimization, and linear algebra. topics covered include the following: functions and inverse functions limits, derivatives, partial derivatives, and chain rule integrals and multiple integrals, changing the order of differentiation and integration taylor series approximations newtons method lagrange multiplier method vector and matrix arithmetic, determinants, eigenvalue-eigenvector decomposition,singular value decomposition numerical methods for optimization course goal: upon completion of the course students will know the fundamental mathematical conceptsneeded to effectively study quantitative finance areas such as fixed income, options andderivatives, portfolio optimization, andquantitative risk management. course objectives: upon completion of the course students will: understand the concept of a limit, differentiation, and integration; be able to compute partial derivatives and multiple integrals; understand the utility of matrix decompositions; be able to use lagrange multipliers to solve constrained optimization problems; and apply the above methods to problems arising in finance.  students should have completed entry-level college calculus courses that include an introduction to multivariable differential calculus; additional introductory mathematics and statistics coursework is desirable. stefanica, d. (2011). a primer for the mathematics of financial engineering. (2nd ed.). new york, ny: financial engineering press. retrieved from http://www.fepress.org/primer-second-ed/ "
mooc	course	v1-124	introduction to mathematical thinking	"learn how to think the way mathematicians do - a powerful cognitive process developed over thousands of years. note: coursera encountered difficulties in converting my course to run on the new platform. working together, we have found a way to modify the course to circumvent the missing platform features, without losing too much of what made the course work. completingthat work will involve considerable time and effort, and i am unlikely to have much time to look at this until the summer. this means that the earliest session 8 could run is fall 2016. please check back here in august. sorry about this. -- keith devlin, 1/25/2016 (modified 4.21.2016) the goal of the course is to help you develop a valuable mental ability  a powerful way of thinking that our ancestors have developed over three thousand years.  mathematical thinking is not the same as doing mathematics  at least not as mathematics is typically presented in our school system. school math typically focuses on learning procedures to solve highly stereotyped problems. professional mathematicians think a certain way to solve real problems, problems that can arise from the everyday world, or from science, or from within mathematics itself. the key to success in school math is to learn to think inside-the-box. in contrast, a key feature of mathematical thinking is thinking outside-the-box  a valuable ability in todays world. this course helps to develop that crucial way of thinking.  the course is offered in two versions. the eight-week-long basic course is designed for people who want to develop or improve mathematics-based, analytic thinking for professional or general life purposes. the ten-week-long extended course is aimed primarily atfirst-year students at college or university who are thinking of majoring in mathematics or a mathematically-dependent subject, or high school seniors who have such a college career in mind. the final two weeks are more intensive and require more mathematical background than the basic course. there is no need to make a formal election between the two. simply skip or drop out of the final two weeks if you decide you want to complete only the basic course. subtitles for all video lectures available in: portuguese(provided bythe lemann foundation), english instructors welcome and introduction 1. introductory material 2. analysis of language  the logical combinators 3. analysis of language  implication 4. analysis of language  equivalence 5. analysis of language  quantifiers 6. working with quantifiers 7. proofs 8. proofs involving quantifiers 9. elements of number theory 10. beginning real analysis high school mathematics. specific requirements are familiarity with elementary symbolic algebra, the concept of a number system (in particular, the characteristics of, and distinctions between, the natural numbers, the integers, the rational numbers, and the real numbers), and some elementary set theory (including inequalities and intervals of the real line). students whose familiarity with these topics is somewhat rusty typically find that with a little extra effort they can pick up what is required along the way. the only heavy use of these topics is in the (optional) final two weeks of the extended course. a good way to assess if your basic school background is adequate (even if currently rusty) is to glance at the topics in the book adding it up: helping children learn mathematics(free download), published by the us national academies press in 2001. though aimed at k-8 mathematics teachers and teacher educators, it provides an excellent coverage of what constitutes a good basic mathematics education for life in the twenty-first century (which was the national academies' aim in producing it). there is one reading assignment at the start, providing some motivational background. there is a supplemental reading unit describing elementary set theory for students who are not familiar with the material. there is a course textbook, introduction to mathematical thinking, by keith devlin, available at low cost (us base price $10.99)from amazon, in hard copy and kindle versions, but it is not required in order to complete the course. for general background on mathematics and its role in the modern world, take a look at the five weeksurvey course on mathematics ('mathematics: making the invisible visible') devlin gave at stanford in fall 2012, available for free downloadfrom itunes university (stanford), and on youtube (1, 2, 3, 4, 5),particularly the first halves oflectures 1 and 4."
mooc	course	v1-198	coding the matrix: linear algebra through computer science applications	"learn the concepts and methods of linear algebra, and how to use them to think about computational problems arising in computer science.  coursework includes building on the concepts to write small programs and run them on real data.  when you take a digital photo with your phone or transform the image in photoshop, when you play a video game or watch a movie with digital effects, when you do a web search or make a phone call, you are using technologies that build upon linear algebra. linear algebra provides concepts that are crucial to many areas of computer science, including graphics, image processing, cryptography, machine learning, computer vision, optimization, graph algorithms, quantum computation, computational biology, information retrieval and web search. linear algebra in turn is built on two basic elements, the matrix and the vector.  in this class, you will learn the concepts and methods of linear algebra, andhow to use themto think about problems arising in computer science. you will write small programs in the programming language python to implement basic matrix and vector functionality and algorithms, and use these to process real-world data to achieve such tasks as: two-dimensional graphics transformations, face morphing, face detection, image transformations such as blurring and edge detection, image perspective removal, classification of tumors as malignant or benign, integer factorization, error-correcting codes, and secret-sharing. the function the field the vector the vector space the matrix the basis dimension gaussian elimination the inner product orthogonalization you should be an experienced programmer. we use a subset of python in this course, and we start by covering the relevant features and syntax, so many students find they can get by without prior knowledge of python. you arenotexpected to have any background in linear algebra. however, you should be prepared to read and understand some mathematical proofs.at brown university, a similar course is taken mostly by sophomore computer science majors who have taken at least two semesters of programming and one semester addressing proof techniques. coding the matrix is an optional companion textbook. it covers the material addressed by this course, plus additional examples and more advanced topics not covered by the course (wavelets, discrete fourier transforms, singular value decomposition, eigenvalues, and linear programming). the textbook is not at all necessary for taking the course; all necessary material is covered in lecture. "
mooc	course	v1-1353	wheels of metals: urban mining for a circular economy	"population and welfare are growing. providing the world with metals is becoming a major challenge. only by closing the loop will metals be available in sufficient quantities, not just now but also in the future: urban mining, the substantial re-use and recycling of metals. in this mooc we will explore the challenges related to metals supply, both scarcity and environmental impacts, and the conditions and consequences of a circular economy for metals, based on the reports of unep's international resource panel. metals are ubiquitous  they are all around us  and provide a foundation upon which our economies are built. economic development is deeply coupled with the use of metals. during the 20th century the production has increased exponentially, and the variety of metal applications in society has grown rapidly. in addition to mass applications such as steel in buildings, copper in wires and aluminium in airplanes, more and more metals are required for innovative technologies such as the use of rare earth elements in renewable energy systems. worldwide, and in particular in emerging economies, the demand for metals is rapidly increasing. the continued increase in metals demand and use over the 20th century has led to substantial social, economic and environmental challenges. mining activities expand but easily accessible deposits are becoming scarce. as a result, the supply of critical metals is under an increasing pressure. this implies recycling, also referred to as urban mining, is of growing importance in generating raw materials. in the end, the only really effective solution to the metals challenge may be to move towards a circular economy. tobe able to do that, information is needed on metal stocks in society, their size and residence time, as well as on the technologies that are available to recover these metals when the stocks become obsolete. this course, based on the reports of the global metals flows working group of uneps international resource panel (irp), investigates the nature of the metals challenge and the conditions and the consequences of the way out: a circular economy for metals. week 1: introduction to metals week 2: the metals challenge: scarcity, environmental impacts, criticality week 3: metal stocks and flows week 4: re-use and recycling: urban mining week 5: towards a circular economy no prior background required. basic chemistry knowledge is helpful. the main body of resources  the unep irp reports on metals  is freely available. you can download the reports here"
mooc	course	v1-138	microeconomics principles	"why is coursera offering this course free of charge? why is the divorce rate so high? why do we have so much pollution? would legalizing marijuana lead to a reduction in crime? why is a college education a smart investment, or is it? why would a draft only damage the army? in the last 50 years economists have tackled some of the most interesting and important questions for humanity! this course offers an introduction to the functions of individual decision-makersboth consumers and producerswithin the larger economic system. emphasis is on the nature and functions of product markets, the theory of the firm under varying conditions of competition and monopoly, and the role of government in promoting efficiency in the economy. most people make the incorrect assumption that economics is only the study of money. my primary goal in this course is to shatter this belief. during this course, we will be addressing the above questions as well as many more relating to: the environment love and marriage crime labor markets education politics sports business my main goal is to show you the way economists think and how to use this analytical system to answer questions related not only to these and other important human issues, but to anything you end up doing with your life after this class. after all, as you will quickly find out, i believe that everything is economics! this course will be broken up into 8 modules covering the following topics: module 1: basic concepts, modeling, and trade module2: supply and demand module3: market efficiency and government intervention module4: elasticity and taxes module5: production and costs module6: competitive output module7: firms with market power module8: public goods, common resources, and externalities  noneall are welcome! although the lectures are designed to be self-contained, we recommend (but do not require) that you refer to the text: krugman, paul r., and robin wells. microeconomics. 3rd ed. new york, ny: worth publishers, 2012. there are 2 ways of purchasing the optional text: purchase the 180-day access e-book for a significantly discounted price purchase the full, hardcover textbook"
mooc	course	v1-896	mining massive datasets	"this class teaches algorithms for extracting models and other information from very large amounts of data.  the emphasis is on techniques that are efficient and that scale well. we introduce the participant to modern distributed file systems and mapreduce, including what distinguishes good mapreduce algorithms from good algorithms in general. the rest of the course is devoted to algorithms for extracting models and information from large datasets. participants will learn how google's pagerank algorithm models importance of web pages and some of the many extensions that have been used for a variety of purposes. we'll cover locality-sensitive hashing, a bit of magic that allows you to find similar items in a set of items so large you cannot possibly compare each pair. when data is stored as a very large, sparse matrix, dimensionality reduction is often a good way to model the data, but standard approaches do not scale well; we'll talk about efficient approaches. many other large-scale algorithms are covered as well, as outlined in the course syllabus. week 1: mapreduce link analysis -- pagerank week 2: locality-sensitive hashing -- basics + applications distance measures nearest neighbors frequent itemsets week 3: data stream mining analysis of large graphs week 4: recommender systems dimensionality reduction week 5: clustering computational advertising week 6: support-vector machines decision trees mapreduce algorithms week 7: more about link analysis -- topic-specific pagerank, link spam. more about locality-sensitive hashing a course in database systems is recommended, as is a basic course on algorithms and data structures. you should also understand mathematics up to multivariable calculus and linear algebra. there is a free book 'mining of massive datasets, by leskovec, rajaraman, and ullman (who by coincidence are the instructors for this course :-). you can download it at http://www.mmds.org/ hardcopies can be purchased from cambridge univ. press."
mooc	course	v1-1901	modeling discrete optimization	"learn a new way to approach problem solving by stating the problem and letting powerful constraint solving software do the rest.  this class teaches you the art of encoding complex discrete optimization problems in the minizinc modeling language and then shows you how to effortlessly solve them by leveraging state-of-the-art open-source constraint solving software. the world is full of hard discrete optimization problems. you have experienced them already if you have ever solved a sudoku puzzle or organized the seating at a wedding banquet. these problems underpin much of our daily lives and are part of determining daily delivery routes for packages, making school timetables, and delivering power to our homes. despite their fundamental importance, all of these problems are a nightmare to solve using traditional undergraduate computer science methods. in this course you will learn an entirely new way to think about solving these challenging discrete optimization problems by stating the problem in the high level modeling language, minizinc, and letting constraint solving software do the rest. this will allow you to unlock the power of industrial solving technologies, which have been perfected over decades by hundreds of phd researchers. with access to this advanced technology, problems that you could not conceive solving before will suddenly become easy and bring you one step closer to 'the holy grail of programming: the user states the problem, the computer solves it.' (eugene freuder'96) an introductory lecture to the course can viewedhere. the course has an open format. at the start of the course all of the assignments and lectures are available and each student is free to design their own plan of study and proceed at their own pace. the assessments in the course consist of five modeling tasks where students experience the challenges of solving discrete optimization problems. the class community is an important aspect of this course and students are encouraged to collaborate and help each other in the completion of the assignments. good programming skills, knowledge of fundamental algorithms, and a general comfort with mathematics. the lectures are designed to be self contained, but a variety of useful materials are available on the minizinc web site, including a minizinc tutorial."
mooc	course	v1-367	computational molecular evolution	"in this course you will learn about how and why dna and protein sequences evolve. you will learn the theory behind methods for building and analyzing phylogenetic trees, and get hands-on experience with some widely used software packages. this course is about molecular evolution - the evolution of dna, rna, and protein molecules. the focus is on computational methods for inferring phylogenetic trees from sequence data, and the course will give an introduction to the fundamental theory and algorithms, while also giving the student hands-on experience with some widely used software tools. since evolutionary theory is the conceptual foundation of biology (in the words of theodosius dobzhansky: 'nothing in biology makes sense except in the light of evolution'), what you learn on this course will be relevant for any project you will ever do inside the life sciences. a phylogenetic tree will almost always help you think more clearly about your biological problem. a special emphasis is put on methods that employ explicit models of the evolutionary process (maximum likelihood and bayesian approaches), and we will explore the role of statistical modeling in molecular evolution, and in science more generally. a mathematical (statistical) model of a biological system can be considered to be a stringently phrased hypothesis about that system, and this way of thinking about models will often be helpful. in addition to model-based methods, you will also learn about other approaches, such as those based on parsimony and genetic distance (e.g., neighbor joining). often, the evolutionary tree is the result we are interested in - knowing how a set of sequences (or organisms) are related can provide us with important information about the biological problem we are investigating. for instance, knowing which organisms are most closely related to a newly identified, uncharacterized, pathogenic bacterium will allow you to infer many aspects of its lifestyle, thereby giving you important clues about how to fight it. in other cases, however, inferring the structure of the tree is not the goal: for instance, our main focus may instead be the detection of positions in a protein undergoing positive selection (indicating adaptation) or negative selection (indicating conserved functional importance). however, even in these cases, the underlying phylogenetic tree will be an important part of our hypothesis about (model of) how the proteins have been evolving, and will help in getting the correct answer. although the study of molecular evolution does require a certain level of mathematical understanding, this course has been designed to be accessible also for students with limited computational background (e.g., students of biology). topics covered: brief introduction to evolutionary theory and population genetics. mechanisms of molecular evolution. models of substitution. reconstruction of phylogenetic trees using parsimony, distance based methods, maximum likelihood, and bayesian techniques. advanced models of nucleotide substitution (gamma-distributed mutation rates, codon models and analysis of selective pressure). statistical analysis of biological hypotheses (likelihood ratio tests, akaike information criterion, bayesian statistics). module 1: introduction to evolutionary theory andpopulation genetics: models of growth, selection and mutation module2: neutral mutations and genetic drift. tree reconstruction by parsimony module3:consensus trees. distance matrix methods module4: models of sequence evolution. likelihood methods module5:bayesian inference of phylogeny module6: testing hypotheses in a phylogenetic context basic molecular biology (important) basic bioinformatics (semi important - student should understand the concept of a biological sequence, know what an alignment is and how to construct it, and how to search sequence databases) basic mathematics (less important, but student should not be afraid of math - the course has been designed to be accessible also for biology students) knowledge of unix is not required but will be helpful(exercise manuals will introduce the subject gradually, and we will provide links to self-help resources) inferring phylogenies by joseph felsenstein, sinauer associates, inc "
mooc	course	v1-3663	mri fundamentals	"develop expertise in basic magnetic resonance imaging (mri) physics and principles and gain knowledge of many different data acquisition strategies in mri in this course learners will develop expertise in basic magnetic resonance imaging (mri) physics and principles and gain knowledge of many different data acquisition strategies in mri. in particular, learners will get to know what is magnetic resonance phenomenon, how magnetic resonance signals are generated, how an image can be formulated using mri, how soft tissue contrast can change with imaging parameters. also introduced will be mr imaging sequences of spin echo, gradient echo, fast spin echo, echo planar imaging, inversion recovery, etc. week1: overview of mri. history of mri, comparison with other biomedical imaging modalities, mri magnet, rf coils, gradient coils. week2: magnetic resonance phenomenon. microscopic mri, larmor equation, rf pulse, relaxation week 3: review of basic signal processing principle. fourier transform. week4: formation of an mr image. concept of fid, spin echo, k-space, slice selection, frequency encoding, phase encoding, etc. week5: mr imaging parameters and image contrast. concept of imaging parameters such as tr, te, fov, matrix, etc, and image contrast such as t1-weighting, t2-weighting, t2*-weighting. week6: mri data acquisition strategies. spin echo, gradient echo, fast spin echo, echo planar imaging, 3d imaging, etc. basic knowledge of signal processing theory including concept of fourier transform will be helpful, although it will be briefly covered during the first week of this course although the lectures are designed to be self-explaratory, the students are recommended (but not required) to read any textbook explaining basic mri principles"
mooc	course	v1-93	nanotechnology: the basics	"nanotechnology is an emerging area that engages almost every technical discipline  from chemistry to computer science  in the study and application of extremely tiny materials. this short course allows any technically savvy person to go one layer beyond the surface of this broad topic to see the real substance behind the very small. nanotechnology is an exciting research area that spans disciplines from electrical engineering to biology. over the last two decades the basic science of this area has launched new technologies, the first examples of which are finding their way into commercial products. this four week course will provide students with a bird's eye view into this fast moving area and leave students with an appreciation of the importance and foundation of super-small materials and devices. nanotechnology: the basics week 1: small, strange and useful! this first week we will introduce nanotechnology. as you will learn, defining the term itself can be a challenge and the discipline has a rich and somewhat controversial history. we will conclude the week with a tour of the different types of materials in the nanotechnology pantheon that sets up the class for the weeks to come. week 2: electronics when materials are super small. there is no doubt our lives have been changed by the small and powerful computers we now use in everything from our cell phones to our coffeemakers. this week you will learn how nanotechnology has been a part of this revolution and what the limits are to making wires and transistors super, super small. week 3: how magnets change when they are made small. magnetism is quite mysterious and the foundation of such cool technologies as flash drives and mri imaging. nanotechnology has played a crucial role in advancing all of these diverse applications and in week 3 you'll gain some insight into how that is possible. week 4: shedding light on nanoscale materials and photonics. compared to electrons, photons are difficult things to trap and control with normal materials. nanomaterials offer completely new approaches to manipulating light. whether its through diffraction, or plasmonics, nanotechnology can provide new capabilities for solid state lasers as well as super resolution microscopes. we expect some knowledge of freshman chemistry and physics, as well as algebra. access to a spreadsheet program would also be of value. however, we recognize that for some interested participants this knowledge may be rusty and will provide where possible optional review videos to go over terminology and concepts relevant to the week's material. we will refer students to web-based materials where appropriate. there isn't really a standard nanotechnology textbook (yet!)."
mooc	course	v1-77	neural networks for machine learning	"learn about artificial neural networks and how they're being used for machine learning, as applied to speech and object recognition, image segmentation, modeling language and human motion, etc. we'll emphasize both the basic algorithms and the practical tricks needed to get them to work well. neural networks use learning algorithms that are inspired by our understanding of how the brain learns, but they are evaluated by how well they work for practical applications such as speech recognition, object recognition, image retrieval and the ability to recommend products that a user will like. as computers become more powerful, neural networks are gradually taking over from simpler machine learning methods. they are already at the heart of a new generation of speech recognition devices and they are beginning to outperform earlier systems for recognizing objects in images. the course will explain the new learning procedures that are responsible for these advances, including effective new proceduresr for learning multiple layers of non-linear features, and give you the skills and understanding required to apply these procedures in many other domains. this youtube video gives examples of the kind of material that will be in the course, but the course will present this material at a much gentler rate and with more examples.  programming proficiency in matlab, octave or python. enough knowledge of calculus to be able to differentiate simple functions. enough knowledge of linear algebra to understand simple equations involving vectors and matrices. enough knowledge of probability theory to understand what a probability density is. "
mooc	course	v1-1546	powerful tools for teaching and learning: web 2.0 tools	"learn about innovative web 2.0 tools in k-12 instruction and how to effectively integrate these technologies into classroom practices and to create engaging student activities. are you overwhelmed by the tidal wave of new technology tools available for teachers and learners? powerful tools for teaching and learning: web 2.0 tools can help channel that flood into a manageable power source for student engagement and motivation in your classroom! this course is designed to provide teachers with strategies to effectively integrate web 2.0 technologies into their instruction. you will learn how to use these tools effectively in your classroom through unique problem-based scenarios that will help you understand how to choose the best web 2.0 tool. our approach focuses on the task rather than the tool in an effort to improve communication, collaboration, presentation, creativity, problem solving, and critical thinking in your learners. you will take part in a robust exchange of practical ideas while participating in online discussion forums and sharing your experiences and learning from fellow teachers about best practices with web 2.0 tools in your content area. our web 2.0 explorations during weeks one, two and three are based on ideas in the article, implementing the seven principles: technology as lever by arthur chickering and stephen c. ehrmann. week one: can you hear me now? exploring web 2.0 tools for communication.in week one, we will explore the first of the seven principles, 'good practice encourages contacts between students and faculty.' communicating effectively through words and writing in diverse environments using technology is one of the most important aspects of learning and growth in education. every one of us has faced some type of communication problems in class and may have struggled sometimes to tackle them effectively in this digital age. consider this question: what is a communication issue in your teaching environment that could be resolved by using new technologies? week two: do we have to do group work? exploring web 2.0 tools for collaboration in week two, we will consider the second principle, 'good practice develops reciprocity and cooperation among students.' working together in a group is always a challenge. to effectively collaborate with peers in a diverse team using technology is one of the most important aspects of learning and growth in education. every one of us has faced some type of collaboration problems in class and may have struggled sometimes to tackle them effectively in this digital age. consider this question: what is a collaboration issue in your teaching environment that could be resolved by using new technologies? week three: another powerpoint? exploring web 2.0 tools for creativity in week three, we will look at another principle, 'good practice respects diverse talents and ways of learning.' being creative is not just about creating new ideas; it is also about techniques that will help to develop, nurture and evaluate worthwhile ideas. encouraging and inculcating creative techniques in teaching is one of the most critical aspects of learning and growth in education especially in this digital age. consider this question: what is a creativity issue in your teaching environment that could be resolved by using new technologies? week four:oh! so thats how it fits together,utilizing my toolbox. in week four, you will apply what you have learned in a mini action research project in your classroom. using web 2.0 tools is not about the technology but about improving student learning. in this module, we will highlight the connections between the things you have learned and the various instructional technology standards for 21st century learners and educators. consider this question: what are the student outcomes in each of these tool categories? in other words, what skill set do we want our students to have as they use instructional technology in accomplishing their learning objectives? week five: it does not end here! lifelong learning in week five,we will wrap things up with ways you can keep adding tools to your web 2.0 toolbox. we will also share ideas on developing personal learning networks (plns) to support lifelong learning. finally, you will finish the course with a great set of web 2.0 tool resources to further explore and learn. the course is primarily for: teachers working with children k-12 i.e., elementary, middle, and high school teachers. instructors working with further education, community college or vocational students. continuing education or in-service facilitators supporting teachers and faculty. educators interested in educational technology and/or online instruction. please note that although this program is offered to participants from around the world, many of the examples and experiences shared will be based on the education structure and processes of the united states. participants will be encouraged to discuss their own country-based experiences in the forums. free, publicly available articles and resources will be provided throughout the course. learners will also be encouraged to explore various free, online technologies, tools, learning spaces, and resource repositories."
mooc	course	v1-225	natural language processing	"have you ever wondered how to build a system that automatically translates between languages? or a system that can understand natural language instructions from a human?  this class will cover the fundamentals of mathematical and computational models of language, and the application of these models to key problems in natural language processing. natural language processing (nlp) deals with the application of computational models to text or speech data. application areas within nlp include automatic (machine) translation between languages; dialogue systems, which allow a human to interact with a machine using natural language; and information extraction, where the goal is to transform unstructured text into structured (database) representations that can be searched and browsed in flexible ways. nlp technologies are having a dramatic impact on the way people interact with computers, on the way people interact with each other through the use of language, and on the way people access the vast amount of linguistic data now in electronic form. from a scientific viewpoint, nlp involves fundamental questions of how to structure formal models (for example statistical models) of natural language phenomena, and of how to design algorithms that implement these models. in this course you will study mathematical and computational models of language, and the application of these models to key problems in natural language processing. the course has a focus on machine learning methods, which are widely used in modern nlp systems: we will cover formalisms such as hidden markov models, probabilistic context-free grammars, log-linear models, and statistical models for machine translation. the curriculum closely follows a course currently taught by professor collins at columbia university, and previously taught at mit. topics covered include: 1. language modeling. 2. hidden markov models, and tagging problems. 3. probabilistic context-free grammars, and the parsing problem. 4. statistical approaches to machine translation. 5. log-linear models, and their application to nlp problems. 6. unsupervised and semi-supervised learning in nlp. a basic knowledge of probability (e.g., you should be familiar with random variables, independence assumptions, etc.), a basic knowledge of algorithms, and a basic knowledge of calculus (e.g., how to differentiate simple functions). the course will be largely self-contained, with comprehensive lecture notes posted together with the lectures."
mooc	course	v1-1073	introduction to natural language processing	"this course provides an introduction to the field of natural language processing, including topics like language models, parsing, semantics, question answering, and sentiment analysis. this course provides an introduction to the field of natural language processing. it includes relevant background material in linguistics, mathematics, probabilities, and computer science. some of the topics covered in the class are text similarity, part of speech tagging, parsing, semantics, question answering, sentiment analysis, and text summarization. the course includes quizzes, programming assignments in python, and a final exam. week one (introduction 1/2) (1:35:31) week two (introduction 2/2) (1:36:26) week three (nlp tasks and text similarity) (1:42:52) week four (syntax and parsing, part 1) (1:48:14) week five (syntax and parsing, part 2) (1:50:29) week six (language modeling and word sense disambiguation) (1:40:33) week seven (part of speech tagging and information extraction) (1:33:21) week eight (question answering) (1:16:59) week nine (text summarization) (1:33:55) week ten (collocations and information retrieval) (1:29:40) week eleven (sentiment analysis and semantics) (1:09:38) week twelve (discourse, machine translation, and generation) (1:30:57) prior or concurrent experience with programming, preferably in python. the course assignments will all be in python. 1. daniel jurafsky and james martin - speech and language processing. 2. bird et al - nltk. check the www.nltk.org site. these two books are not required for the class. "
mooc	course	v1-246	"online games: literature, new media, and narrative"	"focused on tolkien and the lord of the rings online, this course explores what happens to stories and films when they are turned into online games. intended for both newcomers who are curious about video games and experienced gamers who want to reflect on their passion, this course will explore what happens to stories, paintings, and films when they become the basis of massively multiplayer online games. the lord of the rings trilogythe novels, films, and video gameare our central example of how remediation transforms familiar stories as they move across media. the course is designed as a university-level english literature classa multi-genre, multimedia tour of how literature, film, and games engage in the basic human activity of storytelling. our journey will enable us to learn something about narrative theory, introduce us to some key topics in media studies and cover some of the history and theory of video games. it will also take us to some landmarks of romance literature, the neverending story that lies behind most fantasy games: j.r.r. tolkiens the fellowship of the ring, a bit of edmund spensers faerie queene, and poems by keats, tennyson, browning, and others. drawing on centuries of romance narrative conventions, the twenty-first century gaming industry has become a creative and economic powerhouse. it engages the talents of some of our brightest writers, artists, composers, computer engineers, game theorists, video producers, and marketing professionals, and in 2012, it generated an estimated $64 billion in revenue. anyone interested in todays culture needs to be conversant with the ways this new medium is altering our understanding of stories. join me as we set out on an intellectual adventure, the quest to discover the cultural heritage of online games. reviews of the last offering: http://penny-arcade.com/report/article/why-40000-students-from-around-the-world-have-signed-up-to-st... http://inventorspot.com/articles/gaming_lotr_and_new_media_interview_professor_jay_clayton week 1: game on! the history and theory of mmos week 2: lotro and tolkien week 3:romance and realism week 4: space and time in three media: novel, film, game week 5: pwning spensers faerie queene week 6: the holy grail: a good end game for more details, go tohttp://gamemooc.wordpress.com/2014/06/20/syllabus-summer-2014/. no background in gaming is required. whether you are non-gamer who is interested in understanding what video games are all about, a person who loves both popular culture and serious literature, or a guild leader who runs large raids three nights a week, this course will challenge you to think more deeply about important issues confronting our culture. you do not have to play the lord of the rings online (lotro) to enroll in this class because we will have two tracks, one for those who are able to play lotro and the other for people whowould like to learn about video games, tolkien, and the romance tradition butchoose not to play themselves. lotrois free to play. there is no cost to download or play in the shire, bree, lone lands,and the other regions we will be studying. most people who continue playing for longer than a few months choose to pay for what turbine calls vip status, but the free-to-play content will provide you with months of game time. those students who want to play lotro will need access to a computer capable of running the game. the computer requirements for lotro are detailed on the turbine web site: http://www.lotro.com/free.php. j. r. r. tolkien's the fellowship of the ring,peter jackson's movie the fellowship of the ring, and six short poems are the required works. students are encouraged to read the other two books inthe lord of the rings--and to watch the movies--but the latervolumesand films in the trilogy are not required."
mooc	course	v1-174	discrete optimization	"tired of solving sudokus by hand? this class teaches you how to solve complex search problems with discrete optimization concepts and algorithms, including constraint programming, local search, and mixed-integer programming. optimization technology is ubiquitous in our society. it schedules planes and their crews, coordinates the production of steel, and organizes the transportation of iron ore from the mines to the ports. optimization clears the day-ahead and real-time markets to deliver electricity to millions of people. it organizes kidney exchanges and cancer treatments and helps scientists understand the fundamental fabric of life, control complex chemical reactions, and design drugs that may benefit billions of individuals. this class is an introduction to discrete optimization and exposes students to some of the most fundamental concepts and algorithms in the field. it covers constraint programming, local search, and mixed-integer programming from their foundations to their applications for complex practical problems in areas such as scheduling, vehiclerouting, supply-chain optimization, and resource allocation. an introductory lecture to the course can viewed here. the course has an open format. at the start of the course all of the assignments and lectures are available and each student is free to design their own plan of study and proceed at their own pace. the assessments in the course consist of five programming tasks where students experience the challenges of real world optimization problems such as selecting the most profitable locations of retail stores (facility location) and the design of package delivery routes (vehicle routing). the class community is an important aspect of this course and students are encouraged to collaborate and help each other in the completion of the assignments. good programming skills, knowledge of fundamental algorithms, and linear algebra. the lectures are designed to be self-contained and there are no required readings for this course."
mooc	course	v1-147	organizational analysis (self-paced)	"in this introductory, self-paced course, you will learn multiple theories of organizational behavior and apply them to actual cases of organizational change. best mba mooc in 2013 as per review in the financial times!'the best [mba mooc] was organizational analysis taught by stanford's dan mcfarland' - philip d. broughton mba it is hard to imagine living in modern society without participating in or interacting with organizations. the ubiquity and variability of organizations means there is ample room for complexity and confusion in the organizational challenges we regularly face. through this course, students will consider cases describing various organizational struggles: school systems and politicians attempting to implement education reforms; government administrators dealing with an international crisis; technology firms trying to create a company ethos that sustains worker commitment; and even two universities trying to gain international standing by performing a merger. each case is full of details and complexity. so how do we make sense of organizations and the challenges they face, let alone develop means of managing them in desired directions? while every detail can matter, some matter more than others. this is why we rely on organizational theories -- to focus our attention and draw out relevant features in a sensible way. through this self-paced course you will come to see that there is nothing more practical than a good theory. in every module, youll learn a different organizational theory, and it will become a lens through which you can interpret concrete organizational situations. armed with a toolset of theories, you will then be able to systematically identify important features of an organization and the events transforming it  and use the theories to predict which actions will best redirect the organization in a desired direction. join your future classmates and course alumni onfacebook! module 1: introduction module 2: decisions by rational and rule-based procedures module 3: decisions by dominant coalitions module 4: decisions in organized anarchies module 5: developing organizational learning and intelligence module 6: developing an organizational culture module 7: managing resource dependencies module 8: network forms of organization module 9: institutions and organizational legitimacy module 10: summary none; all are welcome. no readings are required to complete this course. however, thousands of prior students have found the course textbook to be especially useful and worth the purchase. the textbook is over 200 pages in length but written in an accessible style.an e-book versioncosts about $10 plus transaction fees, which will vary depending on your location(see course page for details). here is the manual link:https://service.sipx.com/service/php/inspect_document.php?id=perma-x-03de8060-5290-11e5-9868-22000a890e29 please note the textbook is large and will take a while to download, so please secure a good connection before commencing the download process.if you are mostly interested in single modules of the course, then you can also purchase single chapters after you register using thelinks listed onthe syllabus. additional readings will be made available in the course syllabus and through a text provider. for further information, please register and access the course page."
mooc	course	v1-1137	"our earth: its climate, history, and processes"	"develop a greater appreciation for how the air, water, land, and life formed and have interacted over the last 4.5 billion years. this course focuses on a basic science understanding that demonstrates how the processes on earth (including biological processes) lead to natural climate changes that have shaped the planet and the path of evolution. students are challenged to think of the earth as an integrated system made up of water, air, ice, land, and life. for example, students learn that the rise of oxygen in the atmosphere 2.5 billion years ago produced massive extinctions of life on earth that forever altered the dominant types of single-celled life. students are exposed to how new scientific discoveries are made through the observations that led to plate tectonics, how the moon formed, and why dinosaurs went extinct. 1. building blocks of the earth's climate how science works how earth's climate works what is geologic time? rocks and minerals how old is the earth? 2. formation, evolution, and processes of the solid earth formation of the earth formation of the moon plate tectonics the first continents earth's magnetic field mid-ocean ridges and subduction zones supercontinents continentcontinent collisions (example: the himalaya) 3. water in the earth's climate system: oceans, atmosphere, and cryosphere the oceans: how they regulate the earth's climate the cryosphere: ice on our planet the atmosphere: our protective layer and weather-maker 4. life, and its effect on the earth's climate system evolution of the atmosphere single cells and hard shells life on land death from above (and below): mass extinctionsthe course presents four weeks of primary content, but runs for five weeks to allow students time to complete all assignments. although the course is structured as separate weeks, all material will be available from the beginning. there is no recommended background content. the course is open to anyone. basic science knowledge (e.g. chemistry) will be assumed, but will not be a barrier to participation. there are no specific required texts. optional reading assignments will be provided to you."
mooc	course	v1-3	probabilistic graphical models	"in this class, you will learn the basics of the pgm representation and how to construct them, using both human knowledge and machine learning techniques. what are probabilistic graphical models? uncertainty is unavoidable in real-world applications: we can almost never predict with certainty what will happen in the future, and even in the present and the past, many important aspects of the world are not observed with certainty. probability theory gives us the basic foundation to model our beliefs about the different possible states of the world, and to update these beliefs as new evidence is obtained. these beliefs can be combined with individual preferences to help guide our actions, and even in selecting which observations to make. while probability theory has existed since the 17th century, our ability to use it effectively on large problems involving many inter-related variables is fairly recent, and is due largely to the development of a framework known as probabilistic graphical models (pgms). this framework, which spans methods such as bayesian networks and markov random fields, uses ideas from discrete data structures in computer science to efficiently encode and manipulate probability distributions over high-dimensional spaces, often involving hundreds or even many thousands of variables. these methods have been used in an enormous range of application domains, which include: web search, medical and fault diagnosis, image understanding, reconstruction of biological networks, speech recognition, natural language processing, decoding of messages sent over a noisy communication channel, robot navigation, and many more. the pgm framework provides an essential tool for anyone who wants to learn how to reason coherently from limited and noisy observations. in this class, you will learn the basics of the pgm representation and how to construct them, using both human knowledge and machine learning techniques; you will also learn algorithms for using a pgm to reach conclusions about the world from limited and noisy evidence, and for making good decisions under uncertainty. the class covers both the theoretical underpinnings of the pgm framework and practical skills needed to apply these techniques to new problems. topics covered include: the bayesian network and markov network representation, including extensions for reasoning over domains that change over time and over domains with a variable number of entities reasoning and inference methods, including exact inference (variable elimination, clique trees) and approximate inference (belief propagation message passing, markov chain monte carlo methods) learning parameters and structure in pgms using a pgm for decision making under uncertainty. there will be short weekly review quizzes and programming assignments (octave/matlab) focusing on case studies and applications of pgms to real-world problems: credit scoring and factors modeling genetic inheritance and disease markov networks and optical character recognition (ocr) inference: belief propagation markov chain monte carlo and image segmentation decision theory:arrhythmogenic right ventricular dysplasia conditional random field learning for ocr structure learning for identifying skeleton structure human action recognition with kinect to prepare for the class in advance, you may consider reading through the following sections of thetextbook (discount code dkpgm12)by daphne and nir friedman: introduction and overview.chapters 1, 2.1.1 - 2.1.4, 4.2.1. bayesian network fundamentals.chapters 3.1 - 3.3. markov network fundamentals.chapters 4.1, 4.2.2, 4.3.1, 4.4, 4.6.1. structured cpds.chapters 5.1 - 5.5. template models.chapters 6.1 - 6.4.1. these will be covered in the first two weeks of the online class. the slides for the whole class can be foundhere.  "
mooc	course	v1-2803	practical learning analytics	"everyone in education has questions  practical learning analytics is about answering them. to be practical, well focus on data every university records; to keep things interesting, well examine questions raised by many audiences; to ensure impact, well provide realistic data and example code.  everyone involved in higher education has questions. students want to know how theyre doing and which classes they should take. faculty members want to understand their students backgrounds and to learn whether their teaching techniques are effective. staff members want to be sure the advice they provide is appropriate and find out whether college requirements accomplish their goals. administrators want to explore how all of their students and faculty are doing and to anticipate emerging changes. the public wants to know what happens in college and why. everyone has questions. we have the chance to help them find answers. learning analytics is about using data to improve teaching and learning. you might wonder why theres suddenly so much conversation about this previously invisible topic.[1] after all, institutions of higher education have maintained careful records of student progress and outcomes for more than a century. they have always been ready to provide a transcript for every student, reporting all courses taken, grades received, honors awarded, and degrees conferred. institutional research offices provide summaries of these student records to campus leaders, accreditation agencies, and the public. why learning analytics now? two major trends drive the current emergence of learning analytics. first, data informing teaching and learning are increasingly extensive and accessible. second, innovative new analytic approaches to digesting, visualizing, and acting on these data emerge every day. whats special about this course? practical learning analytics has a specific goal: to help us collectively ponder learning analytics in a concrete way. to keep it practical, we will focus on using traditional student record data, the kinds of data every campus already has. to make it interesting, we will address questions raised by an array of different stakeholders, including campus leaders, faculty, staff, and especially students. to provide analytic teeth, each analysis we discuss will be supported by both realistic data and sample code. who should take this course? practical learning analytics should provide something for anyone interested in higher education: current, former, or future students, policy makers, academic advisors, data scientists, university administrators, ed-tech entrepreneurs, faculty members, even the curious public. this course has been designed to work for a wide variety of audiences. its structure is modeled on something everyone can enjoy: a smrgsbord  were going to treat the class like one big meal. after we set the table, each guest may wander the room, taking either a small plate or a full entre from a series of courses we offer up. when everyone is full, well gather again over coffee to hear what people thought. there is no defined way to pursue such a meal  each diner chooses whats right for them. and there is no defined way to take this course  every student must choose whats right for them. the course will open with a two week introduction, exploring the landscape of learning analytics in higher education and setting the table for the main event. this is followed by a four week meal during which participants may choose among an array of five different topics, each presented at two levels: a small plate providing a quick introduction, or a more filling entre. those choosing small plates will still have the opportunity to work with realistic data, analyzing it with code we provide. those choosing entres will make creative contributions of their own: writing new code for analysis or visualization of the data we provide, perhaps bringing in data of their own. after this month of exploration, the final two weeks will feature a concluding coffee. in them, well review what students learned while wandering through all five courses, share the best things class members invented, and provide some concluding remarks. [1] try searching for learning analytics in the google ngram servernothing comes up! the menu: our smrgsbord will include five major courses, each offered in both small plate and full entre sizes. each course will provide both a realistic data set and a set of example r code which can be used to conduct the basic analyses we will discuss. small plate users will watch a few video lectures about their topic, complete a short quiz on the content, download the data and r code, and run an analysis to answer some simple questions. users who choose the entre will go further, extending the code in both instructor-specified and student defined ways. the really ambitious will repeat and extend these analyses using their own, local data. an introductory video for each course will outline what it includes and provide some sense of what users at each level will experience. to keep the focus on the practical, the five courses are designed to explore analyses of interest to different audiences: students, instructors, department leaders, campus-wide leaders, and course designers. la for students: how to become the student you want to be? exploring courses, majors, comparing your performance to others realistically and richly. la for instructors: performance prediction in a course: up to and including grade penalties, placement analyses, performance disparities and their correlates, course-to-course correlation la for department leaders: persistence in a major, first through short course sequences and then from intention to degree la for college/university leaders: characterizing the student experience, program evaluation  observing differences and probing impact, capturing more and better information, comparing the experience of different groups. la for course designers: what affects performance  behavior measurement, establishing the evidence basis for advice, then acting to affect performance with technological and human behavior change techniques, putting real-time data to work  early warning systems and personalized communication this course is meant for anyone who has questions about higher education and would like to learn something about how data can help us answer those questions. participation should be rewarding at many levels: the merely curious: anyone interested should benefit from the brief table setting, perhaps returning at the end for a summary of what the more active participants discovered. this approach will provide insight into what practical learning analytics is and where it might be headed  useful for those who want to know about this but are unlikely to do it themselves. the samplers: most students will probably want to wander the dining room, sampling at least a few small plates during the meal. this level of engagement will let the participant use data to answer some of their own questions, gaining a more visceral sense of whats possible here, and facing some of the challenges up close. hungry diners: some will choose just one entre, focusing on a topic of particular interest. this will require really getting to know the code we provide, and extending it in meaningful ways. it will also require a detailed understanding of the data we provide, and provide an opportunity to contribute your own data into the discussion. it should be possible for a single diner to pursue several entres, but probably not all five. teams of diners  the smrgsbord review: a particularly hungry team of diners might gather together, perhaps on their own home campus, and pursue all the entres, loading up their plates and making real contributions to all the topics. ideally, teams like this will really bring the course to life, making original contributions to all of the analyses and reporting out results based on analysis of their own local data. you choose the meal you prefer  no one else knows what you want or why. "
mooc	course	v1-774	major depression in the population: a public health approach	"illustrates the principles of public health applied to depressive disorder, including principles of epidemiology, transcultural psychiatry, health services research, and prevention. public mental health is the application of the principles of medicine and social science to prevent the occurrence of mental and behavioral disorders and to promote mental health of the population.this course illustrates the principles of public health applied to depressive disorder, including principles of epidemiology, transcultural psychiatry, health services research, and prevention.it is predicted that by 2020 depressive disorder will be the most important cause of disease burden in the entire world! every human being suffers from feeling depressed at some point or other, but only about one fifth of the population will experience an episode of depressive disorder over the course of their lives.this course illuminates the public health approach to disease, and the particular complexities of applying this approach to mental disorders, using depression as the exemplar. developed in collaboration with johns hopkins open education lab. what is depression and what is depressive disorder? how common is depressive disorder the global burden of depressive disorder crosscultural variation in depression and depressive disorder epidemiologic research to uncover the causes of depression research on prevention of depression the system of care for psychiatric disorders and depression  public mental healthedited by william w. eaton is recommended, but not required."
mooc	course	v1-902	an introduction to population health	"this mooc is aimed at anyone wishing to understand the basics of population health. it provides a general introduction to some of the key themes, topics and discussion relevant to population health across the world. primarily aimed for the general public, the course will also help those already working in health and social care who wish to improve their knowledge and understanding on this topic.  if you are like the course instructors, then you've probably spent a lot of time focusing on your own health and that of people in your family and close friends. but have you ever thought much about the health of a whole group of people, such as your village, town, or country, or even the whole world? well this is what population health is all about. it takes us from thinking about the health of one or just a few people, up to the health of a whole group of people which is defined in some way, often in terms of where they live. . on this short course, you will learn some of the key reasons why population health is important to consider, not just by healthcare professionals but by local, national and international policy makers. i'm sure many of you have heard of the world health organization (who)- primarily the who is concerned with the health of everyone in the whole world. awesome! at the same time, population health is something that affects everyone, whether they are poorly or not, and this includes you. so it's fantastic that you are interested in this subject.  the university of manchester pioneered the teaching of population health with one of the first, online distance learning programmes in the world. you can find out more about this at:www.manchester.ac.uk/phpc. we continue toteach people all over the world for professional certificates right though to masters level. this is the second year that we have run this mooc. as you may know, moocs are a very new way of teaching anyone using this short, open-course approach. so it's great that you are also taking part in new ways of learning. week 1 an introduction to population health. this week will introduce some of the main topics relevant to population health, some of which are explored in more detail over the next few weeks. week 2 an introduction to epidemiology, this week will introduce you to some of the ways in which we can find out more about the health of a population. this is known as epidemiology. week 3 the state of the worlds health. this week looks at some of the major health issues in the world and considers some of their causes and their consequences. week 4 global influences on population health. this week looks at migration and poverty and how they are influencing the health of populations. week 5 population health interventions. this week looks at ways of improving the health at a population level, including different approaches to the design of specific 'interventions'. week 6 your reflections wow - we hope you have completed the previous five weeks of teaching on this short course. this week is an opportunity to focus on you. so you will be given direction to think about what you have learnt so far, and how this relates to your understanding of population health - and more importantly, we want you to think about applying this learning and think about how it relates to some of the things going on around you as part of your work and as part of your home environment. a short course run as a mooc is not really about learning from the teachers. the best learning will come from 'talking' to other students, sharing your thoughts and reflecting back on the ideas from other students. you can gently challenge other students and think about how something might be different for you and your own local environment. that's why you will be guided to develop and then actively take part in a number of discussion boards - notice the word 'discuss'!!! and there is nothing to stop you from setting up other ways to work like this - in the past some students have set up their own facebook pages to dr roger harrison and dr arpana verma. we haven't set any background reading for this short course. we want you to start the course with your own ideas and experiences and with your interest in learning more about this topic. during the course it will be great if you bring your own learning materials too, and we encourage you to share relevant articles, documents etc with other people on the course. during the course we will introduce a number of different articles for you to read. everything is available to you for free. some of you might not have read 'academic' articles before and it can be a little daunting to start with. but like everything, if you spend a bit of time doing the reading, and maybe reading something several times, then you will soon pick up some of the different learning styles. but like everything on this course, share your experiences with other students - if you find it tough to do some of the readings, then talk about it. you won't be the only one!!! and together you will find ways to help support each other."
mooc	course	v1-1573	pattern-oriented software architectures for concurrent and networked software	"learn how to apply patterns and frameworks to alleviate the complexity of developing concurrent and networked software. students will write concurrent and networked software programs in popular open-source pattern-oriented software architecture frameworks, such as android (java) and ace (c++).  this course focuses onpattern-oriented software architecturefor concurrent and networked software.concurrentsoftware can simultaneously run multiple computations that potentially interact with each other.networkeddefines protocols that enables computing devices to exchange messages and perform services remotely. the topics in this course are timely since the advent of multi-core and distributed-core processors--coupled with ubiquitous wireless and wireline connectivity--is increasing the demand for researchers and practitioners who understand how to successfully develop and deploy concurrent and networked software. despite continuous improvements in processors and networks during the past four decades, however, developing quality concurrent and networked software remains hard; developing qualityreusableconcurrent and networked software is even harder. the principles, methods, and skills required to develop such software can be greatly enhanced by understanding how to create and apply patterns and frameworks. apatterndescribes a reusable solution to a commonly occurring problem within a particular context. when related patterns are woven together they form apattern languagethat provides a vocabulary and a process for the orderly resolution of software development problems. aframeworkis an integrated set of software components that collaborate to provide a reusable architecture for a family of related applications. frameworks can also be viewed as concrete realizations of pattern languages that facilitate direct reuse of design and code. this course describes how to apply patterns and frameworks to alleviate many accidental and inherent complexities associated with developing and deploying concurrent and networked software. these patterns and frameworks have been used successfully in many domains, including telecom/datacom, mobile devices, electronic medical imaging, network management, aerospace, avionics, automation, online gaming, and financial systems. over the coming weeks and months i'll illustrate by example how patterns and frameworks simplify and enhance the development of concurrent and networked software via the use of: object-oriented design concepts and notations -- such as encapsulation, abstraction, polymorphism, extensibility, and the unified modeling language (uml). object-oriented programming language features -- such as classes, inheritance, dynamic binding, and parameterized types available in languages like java, c++, and c#. middleware -- which is infrastructure software residing between applications and the underlying operating systems, networks, and hardware that encapsulates heterogeneity and enables control over key end-to-end quality-of-service properties, such as dependability and security. operating system mechanisms -- such as event demultiplexing, multi-threading, multi-processing, and dynamic linking. we'll explore several case studies from the domains of mobile apps, web servers, object request brokers, avionic control systems, and expression tree processing to showcase a time-tested pattern-oriented software design and programming method for concurrent and networked software. the course is organized as follows: section 0: overview of all the topics covered in the course.this material is designed to help you visualize the motivations for--and challenges of--of concurrent and networked software. we also summarize how patterns and frameworks help address key challenges of concurrent and networked software. section 1: introduction to concurrency and networking, which provides background info pertaining largely to the os and middleware layers. we discuss key design dimensions of concurrent and networked software, as well as review common operating system programming mechanisms and android programming mechanisms. this part focuses on concepts and is generally independent of programming language. section 2: overview of patterns and frameworks, which focuses on pattern-oriented software architecture, with an emphasis on concurrent and networked software. we explore key pattern and framework concepts, relationships, and examples, as well as evaluate the pros and cons of patterns and frameworks. small code examples are shown throughout using c++ and java, though this section concentrates more on design rather than programming. section 3: applying patterns and frameworks to develop concurrent and networked software, which examines lots of code. an open-source web server is used as a running example to illustrate patterns and frameworks pertaining to service access, communication, synchronous event handling, connection establishment, service initialization, service configuration and activation, concurrency and synchronization, and asynchronous event handling. these examples are in c++ usingace. appendix: presents a case study that applies many 'gang of four' patternsthat aren't directly related to concurrent and networked software. evaluates the limitations with algorithm design and shows how pattern-oriented design alleviates these limtations. the examples are largely in c++, again with some java examples to show how pattern-oriented design simplifies portability across programming languages. the course is intended for students who are familiar with general object-oriented design and programming techniques, such as patterns, modularity, and information hiding fundamental oo programming language features, such as classes, inheritance, dynamic binding, and parameterized types basic systems programming concepts, such as process/thread management, synchronization, and interprocess communication networking terminology, such as client/server architectures and tcp/ip "
mooc	course	v1-116	functional programming principles in scala	"learn about functional programming, and how it can be effectively combined with object-oriented programming. gain practice in writing clean functional code, using the scala programming language. this course introduces the cornerstones of functional programming using the scala programming language. functional programming has become more and more popular in recent years because it promotes code thats safe, concise, and elegant. furthermore, functional programming makes it easier to write parallel code for todays and tomorrows multiprocessors by replacing mutable variables and loops with powerful ways to define and compose functions. scala is a language that fuses functional and object-oriented programming in a practical package. it interoperates seamlessly with java and its tools. scala is now used in a rapidly increasing number of open source projects and companies. it provides the core infrastructure for sites such as twitter, linkedin, foursquare, tumblr, and klout. in this course you will discover the elements of the functional programming style and learn how to apply them usefully in your daily programming tasks. you will also develop a solid foundation for reasoning about functional programs, by touching upon proofs of invariants and the tracing of execution symbolically. the course is hands on; most units introduce short programs that serve as illustrations of important concepts and invite you to play with them, modifying and improving them. the course is complemented by a series of assignments, most of which are also programming projects. week one: programming paradigms; overview of functional programming and the scala programming language. week two: defining and using functions, recursion and non-termination, working with functions as values, reasoning by reduction. week three: defining and using immutable objects, review of inheritance and dynamic binding. week four: types and pattern matching week five:working with lists week six:collections and combinatorial search week seven: lazy evaluation you should have at least one year programming experience. proficiency with java or c# is ideal, but experience with other languages such as c/c++, python, javascript or ruby is also sufficient. the class is designed to be self-contained. for further reading on some of the ideas in the course, we recommend structure and interpretation of computer programs - 2nd edition (mit electrical engineering and computer science) by abelson and sussman, published by mit press. for learning more about scala, we recommend programming in scala: a comprehensive step-by-step guide, 2nd edition by odersky, spoon and venners, published by artima press, or else scala for the impatient, by horstmann, published by addison wesley."
mooc	course	v1-60	learn to program: the fundamentals	"behind every mouse click and touch-screen tap, there is a computer program that makes things happen. this course introduces the fundamental building blocks of programming and teaches you how to write fun and useful programs using the python language. a computer program is a set of instructions for a computer to follow, just as a recipe is a set of instructions for a chef. laptops, kitchen appliances, mp3 players, and many other electronic devices all run computer programs. programs have been written to manipulate sound and video, write poetry, run banking systems, predict the weather, and analyze athletic performance. this course is intended for people who have never seen a computer program. it will give you a better understanding of how computer applications work and teach you how to write your own applications. more importantly, youll start to learn computational thinking, which is a fundamental approach to solving real-world problems. computer programming languages share common fundamental concepts, and this course will introduce you to those concepts using the python programming language. by the end of this course, you will be able to write your own programs to process data from the web and create interactive text-based games.  this course is intended for people who have never programmed before. a knowledge of grade school mathematics is necessary: you need to be comfortable with simple mathematical equations, including operator precedence. you should also be comfortable working with simple functions, such as f(x) = x + 5. this online course is intended to be self-contained, but if you want additional reading material you will find thatpractical programming (2nd edition): an introduction to computer science using python 3matches the course material closely."
mooc	course	v1-66	learn to program: crafting quality code	"not all programs are created equal. in this course, we'll focus on writing quality code that runs correctly and efficiently. we'll design, code and validate our programs and learn how to compare programs that are addressing the same task. most programs are used for years and are worked on by many people. having programs that are easy to understand is essential, in the same way that a well-organized essay is far easier to follow than a disorganized one. well show you an approach that helps to break down problems into smaller tasks that are easier to both solve and read.  this design approach also makes it more straightforward to find and fix flaws. you'll be introduced to the tools that professional programmers use; they're called 'testing' and 'debugging'.  for most complex problems, there are many programs that solve them. some are inherently slower than others. you'll learn how to read two programs and compare them for efficiency.  this course assumes learn to program: the fundamentals, or similar background. you should be comfortable with these topics in python 3: function definition, function call, method call types: bool, int, float, str, list, dict, tuple control structures: if, for, while file reading and writingyou should also be familiar with thefunction design recipe,the python visualizer, the idle debugger,andfromlearn to program: the fundamentals. if you did not take ltp1, please register, visit the class archive,and review at leastthese videos: week 1: python and computer memory variablesweek 2: docstrings and function help function design recipe visualizing function callsweek 3: functions, variables, and the call stackweek 4: idle's debuggerweek 5: mutability and aliasing click to purchase we are writing a textbook that matches the course material closely, and includes different examples and exercises than the ones you'll encounter in this course. it also covers the same course material as presented in learn to program: the fundamentals. this title is currently available in beta. buy the ebook now, and you'll be able to download successive releases of the ebook as we add material and correct mistakes. you'll get the final ebook when the book is finished. if you want more reading and practice before ltp2 starts on 25 march, this book is an excellent way to get it. you can choose to purchase an electronic version (pdf, epub, mobi) as well as a paper book. you can visit the contents/extracts tab for practical programming (2nd edition) to see the progress; any chapter that lists subsections is included in the beta."
mooc	course	v1-987	principles of reactive programming	"learn how to write composable software that stays responsive at all times by being elastic under load and resilient in the presence of failures. model systems after human organizations or inter-human communication. this is a follow-on for the coursera class principles of functional programming in scala, which so far had more than 100000 inscriptions over two iterations of the course, with some of the highest completion rates of any massive open online course worldwide. the aim of the second course is to teach the principles of reactive programming. reactive programming is an emerging discipline which combines concurrency and event-based and asynchronous systems. it is essential for writing any kind of web-service or distributed system and is also at the core of many high-performance concurrent systems. reactive programming can be seen as a natural extension of higher-order functional programming to concurrent systems that deal with distributed stateby coordinating and orchestrating asynchronous data streams exchanged by actors. in this course you will discover key elements for writing reactive programs in a composable way. you will find out how to apply these building blocks in the construction of message-driven systems that are scalable and resilient.the course is hands on; most units introduce short programs that serve as illustrations of important concepts and invite you to play with them, modifying and improving them. the course is complemented by a series of assignments, which are also programming projects. week 1: review of principles of functional programming: substitution model, for-expressions and how they relate to monads. introduces a new implementation of for-expressions: random value generators. shows how this can be used in randomized testing and gives an overview of scalacheck, a tool which implements this idea. week 2: functional programming and mutable state. what makes an object mutable? how this impacts the substitution model. extended example: digital circuit simulation. week 3: futures. introduces futures as another monad, with for-expressions as concrete syntax. shows how futures can be composed to avoid thread blocking. discusses cross-thread error handling. week 4: reactive stream processing. generalizing futures to reactive computations over streams. stream operators. week 5: actors. introduces the actor model, actors as encapsulated units of consistency, asynchronous message passing, discusses different message delivery semantics (at most once, at least once, exactly once) and eventual consistency. week 6: supervision. introduces reification of failure, hierarchical failure handling, the error kernel pattern, lifecycle monitoring, discusses transient and persistent state.week 7: conversation patterns. discusses the management of conversational state between actors and patterns for flow control, routing of messages to pools of actors for resilience or load balancing, acknowledgement of reception to achieve reliable delivery. you should have a background equivalent to someone who completed the course principles of functional programming. we assume you know the fundamentals of functional programming and the scala language. the class is designed to be self-contained, based on the ideas expressed in thereactive manifesto. for further reading on data structures and language concepts we recommendstructure and interpretation of computer programs - 2nd edition (mit electrical engineering and computer science) by abelson and sussman, published by mit press. for further reading on concurrent systems we recommend concepts, techniques and models of computer programming by peter van roy and seif haridi, published by mit press. for learning more about scala, we recommendprogramming in scala: a comprehensive step-by-step guide, 2nd edition by odersky, spoon and venners, published by artima press, or elsescala for the impatient , by horstmann, published by addison wesley. more in-depth background on reactive systems is available in the upcoming book reactive design patternsby kuhn and allen, to be published by manning (currently in early access)."
mooc	course	v1-1140	understanding russians: contexts of intercultural communication	"learn about the intercultural communication process using russian western communication as an example. look at the interrelations between different contexts (cultural, institutional, professional, social, interpersonal) of communication focusing on cultural history and national psychology of russians. the course was created with the support of sberbank the main focus of this course is to look at the interrelations between different types of contexts (cultural, institutional, professional, social, interpersonal and others) within the intercultural communication process using russian  western communication as an example. the purpose of the course is to provide the students with a broad overview of the basic principles governing past, present and future interactions between russia and the west focused on the culture and national psychology of russians and western europeans. this course looks at the cases when russian basic cultural values show up through linguistic choices shaping language production which is consequently misattributed by western partners. no matter what the language of intercultural communication is - russian, or english - the meaning of many linguistic expressions may be reconstructed wrongly by the representatives of another culture.  we will tackle some basic questions: what are concepts of culture that have most influence on communication? what are russian basic cultural values and how they shape modern russian consciousness? what are specific communication patterns of modern russian, including that of public and electronic discourse? what is important to know about communication with russians in organizational contexts? this course is not just a list of instructions of what to do and not to do while dealing with russians module 1. introduction to the course. week 1. overview of the concepts culture and communication. why russianness? importance of linguistic approaches. the role of icc contexts. structure of the course. module 2. culture in intercultural communication. week 2. metaphors of culture. beliefs, values and stereotypes. cultural homogeneity. how much culture can be learned? how culturally relative one can be?basic values of russian culture placed within the cultural dimensions, history and geography. generalized knowledge vs. stereotypes of enigmatic russian soul.  module 3. communication as interaction. week 3. language as a primary source of communication and miscommunication in icc. shared knowledge as a prerequisite for communication. cooperation and politeness principles in russian communication week 4. context and contexts of human interaction. contextual clues in russian communication. russian cultural models. interpersonal aspect of icc with russians.  module 4. communication with russians in various discourse systems week 5. communication with russians in corporate discourse systems. introduction of the market economy and post-soviet management. old fears and new anxieties. technocrats and managers. language of management in russia. week 6. communication with russians in professional contexts. occupational cultures. social stratification and new elites. russias middle-classes, professional associations and civil society. case study of an international educational program. week 7. communication with russians in gender and generational discourse systems. gender roles in modern russian society. cross-gender communication in social and business environments. family relations. week 8. stories of russian culture and everyday communication within an in-group. types of stories that characterize cultures. official, stories, cultural stories, conversational stories. humor and jokes, obscene language. week 9. course wrap up. reflections on intercultural communication within the course we are looking for students who are curious to learn how to deal with russians, who want to make sense of their personal encounters with others. love for russian culture and language is a plus, but not obligatory. you may be required to integrate your knowledge of humanities and social sciences in intercultural approach to communication. intercultural sensitivity is a pre-requisite for taking this course and enhancing it is its goal. although the lectures are designed to be self-contained, we recommend (but do not require) that students refer to the books: 1. holden, n. and cooper, ., j. carr (1998). dealing with the new russia: management cultures in collision. wiley.(selected chapters). 2. ron scollon, suzanne wong scollon, rodney h. jones (2012). intercultural communication : a discourse approach. malden, mass., blackwell publishers.(selected chapters). 2. wierzbicka, a. (1997). understanding cultures through their key words: english, russian, polish, german and japanese. (oxford: oup). (selected chapters). "
mooc	course	v1-119	high performance scientific computing	"programming-oriented course on effectively using modern computers to solve scientific computing problems arising in the physical/engineering sciences and other fields. provides an introduction to efficient serial and parallel computing using fortran 90, openmp, mpi, and python, and software development tools such as version control, makefiles, and debugging. computation and simulation are increasingly important in all aspects of science and engineering. at the same time writing efficient computer programs to take full advantage of current computers is becoming increasingly difficult. even laptops now have 4 or more processors, but using them all to solve a single problem faster often requires rethinking the algorithm to introduce parallelism, and then programming in a language that can express this parallelism. writing efficient programs also requires some knowledge of machine arithmetic, computer architecture, and memory hierarchies. although parallel computing will be covered, this is not a class on the most advanced techniques for using supercomputers, which these days have tens of thousands of processors and cost millions of dollars. instead, the goal is to teach tools that you can use immediately on your own laptop, desktop, or a small cluster. cloud computing will also be discussed, and students who don't have a multiprocessor computer of their own will still be able to do projects using amazon web services at very low cost. along the way there will also be discussion of software engineering tools such as debuggers, unit testing, makefiles, and the use of version control systems. after all, your time is more valuable than computer time, and a program that runs fast is totally useless if it produces the wrong results. high performance programming is also an important aspect of high performance scientific computing, and so another main theme of the course is the use of basic tools and techniques to improve your efficiency as a computational scientist. the use of a variety of languages and techniques will be integrated throughout the course as much as possible, rather than taught linearly. the topics below will be covered at an introductory level, with the goal of learning enough to feel comfortable starting to use them in your everyday work. once you've reached that level, abundant resources are available on the web to learn the more advanced features that are most relevant for you. working at the command line in unix-like shells (e.g. linux or a mac osx terminal). version control systems, particularly git, and the use of github and bitbucket repositories. work habits for documentation of your code and reproducibility of your results. interactive python using ipython, and the ipython notebook. python scripting and its uses in scientific computing. subtleties of computer arithmetic that can affect program correctness. how numbers are stored: binary vs. ascii representations, efficient i/o. fortran 90, a compiled language that is widely used in scientific computing. makefiles for building software and checking dependencies. the high cost of data communication. registers, cache, main memory, and how this memory hierarchy affects code performance. openmp on top of fortran for parallel programming of shared memory computers, such as a multicore laptop. mpi on top of fortran for distributed memory parallel programming, such as on a cluster. parallel computing in ipython. debuggers, unit tests, regression tests, verification and validation of computer codes. graphics and visualization of computational results using python. experience writing and debugging computer programs is required : preferably experience with scientific, mathematical, or statistical computing, for example in matlab or r. (previous knowledge of fortran, python, or parallel computing languages is not assumed.) students should also be comfortable with undergraduate mathematics, particularly calculus and linear algebra, which is pervasive in scientific computing applications. many of the examples used in lectures and assignments will require this background. past exposure to numerical analysis is a plus. all of the software used in this course is open source and freely available. a virtual machine will be provided that can be used to create a linux desktop environment (with all of the required software pre-installed) that can be run on any operating system using the free virtualbox software. an amazon web services ami will also be provided to allow doing the course work in the cloud. course notes will be provided to compliment lectures. the notes and slides from lectures will also contain many references to other free resources on the web, along with some recommended books on the topics covered."
mooc	course	v1-704	inquiry science learning: perspectives and practices 3 - science content survey	"this is the third in a series of four courses; each addressing a different set of skills science educators need to meet the demands of their career. in this course, teachers will develop a deeper understanding of several broad topics in the major science content areas by examining common misconceptions. a revolution is underway in science classrooms. the demands of the new workplace and the ready access to information afforded by new technologies have radically changed the way we define a scientifically literate society. more than ever teachers need professional development that provides them with the resources they need and empowers them to take the action required to build classrooms where the next generation of scientifically literate students will flourish. inquiry science learning: perspectives and practicesconsists of four courses, each designed to address a different strand in the development of skills teachers need to meet the demands of their career, including the following. science leadership techniques for success science content student-centered inquiry in this third course we will focus on helping teachers explore their own and their students misconceptions over a broad array of topics within science and engineering. the specific content explored by each participant will be determined by the needs and interests of that participant. each week, however, there will be a focus as described below. week 1: misconceptions in physical science week 2:misconceptions in earth/space science week 3: misconceptions in life science week 4:misconceptions in engineering no previous coursework is recommended, but the course will be most helpful to teachers with 3 or more years of teaching experience who are willing to directly apply experiences in their schools. while the course was designed with the k-8 teacher in mind, the topics covered are appropriate for all teachers, including those teaching in high school. the suggested readings will be provided at a later date. "
mooc	course	v1-102	scientific computing	"investigate the flexibility and power of project-oriented computational analysis, and enhance communication of information by creating visual representations of scientific data. investigate the flexibility and power of project-oriented computational analysis. practice using thistechnique to resolve complicated problems in a range of fields including the physical and engineeringsciences, finance and economics, medical, social and biological sciences. enhance communication ofinformation by creating visual representations of scientific data. this course is a survey of numerical solution techniques for ordinary and partial differential equations. emphasis will be on the application of numerical schemes to practical problems in the engineering and physical sciences. apply advanced matlab routines and toolboxes to solve problems. review and practice graphical techniques for information presentation and learn to create visual illustrations of scientific results  to be successful in the course, a strong background in linear algebra is required. familiarity with methods of ordinary differential equations and basic programming structure is also required. with this background, students should be able to develop the codes necessary for the homework in the course. given the computational nature of the course, access to matlab (www.mathworks.com) or octave (www.gnu.org/software/octave) is essential. octave is a free (or by donation) alternative to matlab that can also be downloaded and installed via the web. either software should suffice for all the needs of the course, but matlab is the strongly recommended alternative. kutz, n. (2013). data-driven modeling scientific computation. new york, ny: oxford university press. data-driven modeling and scientific computation is a survey of practical numerical solution techniques for ordinary and partial differential equations as well as algorithms for data manipulation and analysis. emphasis is on the implementation of numerical schemes to practical problems in the engineering, biological and physical sciences. an accessible introductory-to-advanced text, this book fully integrates matlab and its versatile and high-level programming functionality, while bringing together computational and data skills for both undergraduate and graduate students in scientific computing. "
mooc	course	v1-706	using the next generation science standards for students deeper understanding 	"this course is designed to guide science educators towards an understanding of the  framework for k-12 science education and how, when integrated with the scientific and engineering design practices and crosscutting concepts are the basis for classroom instruction using the next generation science standards. the scientific and engineering practices as outlined in a framework for k-12 science education, provide the basis for students to gain a deeper understanding science content through the use of hands-on science investigations and engineering design activities. often investigations remain as engaging activities without adding depth to the students understanding of the science core ideas. research-based instructional strategies utilized in stem programs require a more rigorous approach to describing the scientific ideas that underlie the activity. the question becomes: as teachers begin to address the science core disciplinary ideas through the lens of stem (science, engineering, technology and mathematics), how and why should the scientific and engineering design practices be integrated into investigations? using the framework for k-12 science education can be the basis for this depth of understanding by:  providing research-based science core disciplinary ideas  connecting the ideas with cross-cutting concepts  utilizing scientific and engineering practices and  providing guidance in the assessment of the depth of knowledge gained by students and a measure of achievement in understanding the core disciplinary ideas in science. week 1: learn about the framework for k-12 science education and how it is organized by practices, crosscutting concepts and core ideas for one specific grade level or content strand. understand how the organization of the framework will guide teachers in the development of deeper student understanding in science. analyze a performance expectation (pe) for one of the ngss and determine how the three strands are embedded in the pe. week 2: explore the disciplinary core ideas as outlined in the k-12 framework for science education by the nrc. based on your understanding of how these are vertically alinged from k-6, and for secondary science, compare the alignment to a set of education standards used in your community. week 3: scientific and engineering practices to understand how they are similar processes with very different outcomes. based on an understanding of how these practices are utilized by the stem workforce, analyze how each practice is used in a relevant, real-world problem-based situation. week 4: explore the crosscutting concepts as outlined in the k-12 framework for science education by the nrc. determine how they are used within the framework to build a deeper understanding of the dci to which it is attached. compare the use of the ccc within the ngss compared to the education standards of your community. comprehensive assignment: using the alignment of the components of the ngss and your local science education standards for one specific grade level and concept, compare and contrast the comprehensive nature of both standards in meeting the needs of your school system now and in the future, for the instruction of science education. this course is recommended for any educator who is interested in the cutting-edge of science education. no previous coursework is recommended, but the course will be most helpful to science teachers with 3 or more years of teaching experience that are willing to directly apply experiences in their schools a framework for k-12 science education, national research council, available through nsta book store, www.nsta.org and the national academies press as a book or download as a pdf document for free at www.nap.edu.isbn  13:978-0-309-21742-2"
mooc	course	v1-679	inquiry science learning: perspectives and practices 1 - science leadership	"this is the first in a series of four courses; each addressing a different set of skills  science educators need to meet the demands of their career. in this course, teachers will engage in experiences designed to develop the skills needed to be a leader on their campus and to promote and enhance science learning in spheres outside their classroom. a revolution is underway in science classrooms. the demands of the new workplace and the ready access to information afforded by new technologies have radically changed the way we define a scientifically literate society. more than ever teachers need professional development that provides them with the resources they need and empowers them to take the action required to build classrooms where the next generation of scientifically literate students will flourish. inquiry science learning: perspectives and practices consists of four courses, each designed to address a different strand in the development of skills teachers need to meet the demands of their career, including the following. science leadership techniques for success science content student-centered inquiry in this first course we will focus on helping teachers expand their influence outside their classroom to promote scientific literacy throughout their school and into the larger community. week 1: learning outside the classroom: outdoor habitats, science labs, field experiences, family science night, science fair week 2: teachers outside the classroom: presenting at conferences, mentoring, training week 3: connections outside the classroom: grant writing, collaborations/partnerships/collaboratives, professional associations week 4: policy outside the classroom: policy that affects science classrooms and how you can have an impact no previous coursework is recommended, but the course will be most helpful to teachers with 3 or more years of teaching experience who are willing to directly apply experiences in their schools. while the course was designed with the k-8 teacher in mind, the topics covered are appropriate for all teachers, including those teaching in high school. the suggested readings will be provided at a later date."
mooc	course	v1-705	inquiry science learning: perspectives & practices 4 - student-centered inquiry	"in this course, teachers will develop the skills essential to move from a top-down content delivery model of science instruction to one in which the teacher is a guide, enabling students to create shared meaning of important science concepts. a revolution is underway in science classrooms. the demands of the new workplace and the ready access to information afforded by new technologies have radically changed the way we define a scientifically literate society. more than ever teachers need professional development that provides them with the resources they need and empowers them to take the action required to build classrooms where the next generation of scientifically literate students will flourish. inquiry science learning: perspectives and practicesconsists of four courses, each designed to address a different strand in the development of skills teachers need to meet the demands of their career, including the following. science leadership techniques for success science content student-centered inquiry in this fourth course we will focus on helping teachers change the nature of their classrooms to promote student engagement and proficiency in inquiry science week 1: self-assessment - initial: participants will be provided with a rubric that will help them assess where they are in the continuum from a teacher-centered to a student-centered classroom. after watching a teacher use the rubric, with guidance from a mentor, participants will be asked to evaluate themselves and reflect the results. week 2: student-centered inquiry: on paper: participants will learn how to take a current lesson that may be more teacher-centered, and to alter it component-by-component, to create a more student-centered lesson. week 3: student-centered inquiry: on paper: participants will get to watch a coach in action helping a teacher look for ways to make their teaching more student-centered and to identify obstacles and solutions. week 4: self-assessment - final: in the last week of the course, participants will reflect on a change they tried to make in their classroom. through peer review all participants will have the opportunity to evaluate these transformations and to receive feedback that will encourage further growth. no previous coursework is recommended, but the course will be most helpful to teachers with 3 or more years of teaching experience who are willing to directly apply experiences in their schools. while the course was designed with the k-8 teacher in mind, the topics covered are appropriate for all teachers, including those teaching in high school. the suggested readings will be provided at a later date."
mooc	course	v1-268	surviving disruptive technologies	" the purpose of this course is to help participants and the organizations they encounter survive the waves of technological disruptions facing business, government, education and their daily lives. the purpose of this course is to help individuals and organizations survive when confronted with disruptive technologies that threaten their current way of life. we will look at a general model of survival and use it to analyze companies and industries that have failed or are close to failing. examples of companies that have not survived include kodak, a firm over 100 years old, blockbuster and borders. it is likely that each of us has done business with all of these firms, and today kodak and blockbuster are in bankruptcy and borders has been liquidated. disruptions are impacting industries like education; coursera and others offering these massive open online courses are a challenge for universities. in addition to firms that have failed, we will look at some that have survived and are doing well. what are their strategies for survival? by highlighting the reasons for the decline of firms and industries, participants can begin to understand how to keep the same thing from happening to them. through the study of successful organizations, we will try to tease out approaches to disruptions that actually work. our ultimate objective is to develop a strategy for survival in a world confronting one disruptive technology after another. 1. survival: a simple model of the incumbents dilemma of how to respond to a potentially disruptive technology . 2. kodak misses its moment: the story of kodak and how, after inventing the digital camera, it failed to understand how it and the internet changed the process of capturing and sharing images. 3. blockbuster vs netflix. how could a leading company fail to respond to a clearly defined threat from a new competitor? 4. borders: was the company asleep when amazon came along and disrupted book sales, publishing and reading? 5. the three amigos: what can we learn from kodak, borders and blockbuster as a group of failed companies? 6. can i borrow your paper? how the internet has savaged one of our oldest types of media leading to the slow death of newspapers. 7. books and publishers: trying to maintain two business models at once. 8. education: the industry that moves at a glacial pace faces radical innovation from non-profits to coursera. 9. dictators: probably not a promising occupation given social media-how the arab spring changed a profession. 10. risky business-are innovations in technology encouraging us to engage in too much risky business? 11. moving things: will the usps disappear? how can it compete with ups and fedex? 12. some survivors: a few have managed to incorporate disruptive technologies into their lives and to flourish, at least for now. 13. danger ahead: what new disruptions are on the horizon and who will be disrupted? 14. strategies for survival: suggestions on how to deal with disruptive technologies and turn them into a successful innovation the course should appeal most to participants who have at least a general interest in new technologies and in the economy. it would be helpful for you to following the general business press including web sites or print media of periodicals like the new york times, the wall street journal, bloombergs businessweek, ieee spectrum, technology today and similar information sources. lucas, h. c., jr. the search for survival: lessons from disruptive technologies. santa barbara, ca., praeger, 2012 christensen, c. m. the innovator's dilemma.boston: harvard business school press, 1997"
mooc	course	v1-1200	social entrepreneurship	"in this course you will learn how to create societal impact through social entrepreneurship (s-ent). s-ent describes the discovery and sustainable exploitation of opportunities to create social change. we will introduce you to s-ent examples and guide you through the process of identifying an opportunity to address social problems as well as outlining your idea in a business plan. in this course we will ask you to form groups with other mooc participants to identify an opportunity to create social change, develop a business model, and outline ideas in a business plan, which you will in the end submit to possibly receive start-up funding. the domain of social change is no longer reserved for students of political sciences and development studies. increasingly business graduates are recognized as possessing important skills that can drive social change. this new discipline is often referred to as social entrepreneurship (s-ent). s-ent describes the discovery and sustainable exploitation of opportunities to create public goods. this is usually done through the generation of disequilibria in market and non-market environments. the s-ent process can in some cases lead to the creation of social enterprises. these social ventures are hybrid organizations exhibiting characteristics of both the for-profit and not-for-profit sector. individuals engaging in s-ent are usually referred to as social entrepreneurs, a term that describes resourceful individuals working to create social innovation. they do not only have to identify (or create) opportunities for social change (that so far have been unexploited), they must also muster the resources necessary to turn these opportunities into reality. a typical example is prof. muhammad yunus, founder of the grameen bank (bangladesh) and recipient of the nobel peace prize in recognition of his contribution to poverty alleviation through the invention and popularization of microfinance. other examples include fair trade or car-sharing. today many foundations aim to identify and promote social entrepreneurs. two prominent examples are ashoka and the skoll foundation. so called venture philanthropists adopt methods from the domain of venture capital, for example, encouraging social entrepreneurs to provide detailed business plans and to measure and report systematically on their social performance. social return on investment (s-roi) analysis is an example, of an emerging tool aiming to describe the social impact of s-ent in dollar terms, relative to the philanthropic investment made. as part of the course you will be working in groups on identifying an opportunity for a social innovation or social enterprise. you will then write a business plan outlining the business model for implementing your idea. all business plans will be evaluated at the end of the course and the winners will be supported in the implementation of their idea. below you can find the list of the top 10 -thewinners of the business plan competitionfrom the previous mooc: winners of the business plan competition 1st prizemeds4all 2nd prizesuper kids academy 3rdprizemobilize 3rdprize entrelaunch 3rdprize beyond laundry runner-ups community micro grids the shepherd's den growsocial beitel klpfel - to craft is to care zero waste shop be sure to follow us on: https://twitter.com/cbssent https://www.facebook.com/cbssent or follow prof. hockerts at: https://twitter.com/kai_hockerts https://www.facebook.com/khockerts ... where we will post news and information about the field of social entrepreneurship and this course. intro: introduction to the course week 1:  what is social entrepreneurship? week 2:  who is a social entrepreneur? week 3:  how to identify an opportunity? week4:  creating a business model week5:  the business model canvas week6:  writing a business plan week7:  selecting an organizational form week8:  attracting investors week9:  measuring social impact week 10:  communication strategies for social enterprises week 11:  replication strategy week 12:  exit strategies no background is required; all are welcome! you need no prior knowledge of business or social entrepreneurship to participate in this course. "
mooc	course	v1-1373	social entrepreneurship	"join us and learn how to develop, test, and deploy high-impact solutions to society's toughest challenges. social entrepreneurs and social innovators are tackling and diminishing many of the world's problems. they achieve significant positive social impact through the creative and aggressive mobilization of people and other resources: in africa, a social entrepreneur-built an enterprise delivers 70 million daily protein servings into the region at significantly lower cost and at higher quality than before.  in india, rice husks are burned to generate power enabling families to live, read, and learn after the sun goes down. in latin america, makeshift informal housing is converted from fire-trap shanties into safe, concrete-based homes. this course will cover a select set of topics associated with social innovation and entrepreneurship whether nonprofit or for-profit. by taking this course you will share in our combined 45 years of social entrepreneurship experience, and you will learn how to: launch social entrepreneurship projects which have high-potential of significant positive social impact direct energy and limited resources to efficiently launching those projects with the most promise apply tools and frameworks to testing and scaling your own social enterprise the 24 most promising social entrepreneurs who successfully complete the university of pennsylvania's coursera course on social entrepreneurship will be selected as fellows for the 2016 global social impact house (gsih). gsih is a seven-day residential program that provides fellows with the tools, community and training they need to advance their ventures. workshops are customized and explore advanced concepts in business models, design thinking and personal leadership. the program is also designed to help fellows build meaningful, global connections while living together in a beautiful ecolodge in costa rica. the center for social impact strategy at the university of pennsylvania will provide full scholarships to every fellow, including room and board. fellows are responsible for covering travel and visa-related expenses to and from costa rica. program dates: january 11 - 17, 2016 program location: rancho margot, costa rica application deadline: october 26, 2015 apply:www.socialimpactstrategy.org/residential/gsih week 1 - what is socialenterprise? topics introduction & course overview social enterprise planning design thinking for social innovation homework mind map problem/solution statement logistics quiz week 2 - deciding who to help and how topics performance criteria segmentation introduction to logic models how to build a logic model homework performance criteria: unit of revenue & unit of social impact segmentation: market segments logic model week 3 - understanding your beneficiaries and their alternatives topics understanding the beneficiary operations realities operations requirements competitive analysis homework beneficiary experience table deliverables table competitive analysis matrix week 4 - testing assumptions and measuring performance topics test of concept plausibility performance measurement framing and scoping cost table homework test of concept plausibility framing and scoping (social impact & financial goals) cost table week 5 - organizational form and stakeholder management topics perspective on organizational form: i perspective on organizational form: ii stakeholder analysis sociopolitics summary & next steps homework organizational form stakeholder analysis no prior experience required! readings will be available on the site on a week by week basis. you may want to readthe following titles before and during the class: macmillan & thompson, the social entrepreneurs playbook.note: book worksheets can be downloaded for free here: the social entrepreneur's playbook (workbook) bornstein and davis, social entrepreneurship: what everyone needs to know dees, j. gregory, enterprising nonprofits: a toolkit for social entrepreneurs guo and bielefeld, social entrepreneurship"
mooc	course	v1-1162	sports and building aerodynamics	"have we reached the boundaries of what can be achieved in sports and building design? the answer is definitely no. this course explains basic aspects of bluff body aerodynamics, wind tunnel testing and computational fluid dynamics (cfd) simulations with application to sports and building aerodynamics. it is intended for anyone with a strong interest in these topics. key fields addressed are urban physics, wind engineering and sports engineering.  can the present outstanding records in cycling team time trials be further improved? can the present world and olympic records in athletics disciplines such as the 100 m sprint be advanced? this course provides the answer to these questions. it shows that aerodynamic processes in sports and around buildings are very complex and that many misconceptions exist. these misconceptions are caused by the often counter-intuitive flow physics. interestingly, the same counter-intuitive flow physics govern the misconceptions in both sports and building aerodynamics. the insights from this course will help you to understand and improve the performance of top athletes and of modern building design. in 2013, team orica-green edge set the fastest-ever average speed for a tour de france team time trial, with 57.8 km/h over a distance of 25 km, beating team omega-pharma quick-step by a mere 0.75 s. at the subsequent 2013 uci road world championships, the latter team beat the former by only 0.88 s. clearly, even minor aerodynamic improvements can be decisive in these prestigious races. and, surprisingly, up to now, the optimum aerodynamic setting for a team time trial has not yet been explored. records in athletics races such as the 100 m sprint, the 110 m hurdles and the long jump are only validated by the iaaf (international association of athletics federations) when the tail wind does not exceed 2 m/s. most world and olympic records have been established at tail winds close to 2 m/s. clearly, local aerodynamic effects can be decisive in establishing new records. also here, the optimum aerodynamic setting has not yet been explored. new and prestigious building projects are realized in different parts of the world. some of them feature the integration of wind energy systems in the building design. also here, aerodynamic misconceptions can lead to suboptimal performance. the course starts with a brief recapitulation of the basic aspects of fluid flow: statics, kinematics, dynamics, flow regimes and boundary layers, including the atmospheric boundary layer in which sports and building aerodynamics take place. next, the main aspects of the aerodynamic analysis techniques of wind tunnel testing and computational fluid dynamics (cfd) simulations are outlined. tips and tricks for wind tunnel testing and cfd simulations are given. this knowledge provides the basis for the course parts on building aerodynamics, 100 m sprint aerodynamics and cycling aerodynamics, where some surprising and sometimes spectacular results will be shown. this is a six-week course with the following contents: week 1:basic aspects of fluid flow fluid properties - part 1 (velocity, pressure, temperature) fluid properties - part 2 (density) fluid properties - part 3 (viscosity) flow properties - part 1 flow properties - part 2 fluid statics, kinematics, dynamics boundary layers - part 1 boundary layers - part 2 boundary layers - part 3 the atmospheric boundary layer week 2: wind-tunnel testing why wind-tunnel testing? wind-tunnel types and applications the atmospheric boundary layer wind tunnel wind-tunnel components measurements and flow visualization similarity and flow quality best practice guidelines week 3: computational fluid dynamics computational fluid dynamics: what, why and how? approximate forms of the navier-stokes equations turbulence modeling some aspects of discretization near-wall modeling errors and uncertainty, verification and validation best practice guidelines computational wind engineering  part 1 computational wind engineering  part 2 week 4: building aerodynamics wind flow around buildings  part 1 wind flow around buildings  part 2 pedestrian-level wind conditions around buildings  part 1 pedestrian-level wind conditions around buildings  part 2 pedestrian-level wind conditions around buildings  part 3 natural ventilation of buildings wind-driven rain on building facades  part 1 wind-driven rain on building facades  part 2 wind energy in the built environment  part 1 wind energy in the built environment  part 2 week 5: 100 m sprint aerodynamics why study sprint aerodynamics? mathematical-physical model of running wind effects altitude effects stadium aerodynamics and sprint records interview with a professional athletics coach week 6: cycling aerodynamics why study cycling aerodynamics? wind-tunnel testing for a single cyclist  part 1 wind-tunnel testing for a single cyclist  part 2 cfd simulations for a single cyclist aerodynamics of two drafting cyclists aerodynamics of drafting cyclist groups aerodynamics of car-cyclist combinations interview with professional cycling coaches from teams belkin and raboliv the first three parts of this course assume an overall high-school level knowledge of mathematics and physics (fluid mechanics), although a more advanced level of mathematics is recommended for the parts on the approximate forms of the governing equations of fluid flow. however, this should not deter other participants from following the course. the last three parts of the course assume a lower degree of scientific knowledge and are geared toward a more general audience. these parts are explicitly intended at the widest possible audience. again, the full benefit from the course will be obtained by participants with a background in mathematics and physics (fluid mechanics). we have developed the course to be to a very large degree self-contained."
mooc	course	v1-1986	representing the professional athlete	"an immersive experience in the world of sports that will take students through the four stages of the professional athlete's career. utilizing lectures, guest speakers and hypothetical walkthroughs, students will learn how the best sports agents manage each of these four stages. this course will provide each student with the skills necessary to guide an athlete through the difficult decisions that can make or lose the athlete millions of dollars, and affect their public image and career. walking through the four stages of an athlete's career, we will provide a broad scope of the landscape of amateur and professional sports so that you can avoid the pitfalls and traps that so many have fallen into in the past; not to mention, bringing you updates throughout the course regarding the rapidly changing sports world that we live in today. analyzing the best practices in the management of the superstar athletes with whom professor carfagna and his expert guests have worked, we will show you how to manage the career of any professional athlete who might seek your guidance at any stage of his or her professional career. week one: introduction to agents and the three u.s. major leagues cbas an introduction to the duties of an agent; the 'rep k' that controls the player-agent relationship; and a comprehensive analysis of the collective bargaining agreements that govern the three major leagues -- including how a professional athlete achieves free agency in each major league. also, an analysis of how the nfl cba affected adrian peterson and ray rice, and what the new policy may hold for the players and owners. week two: early stages of professionalism and selecting an agency how the best high school baseball player in the u.s. in 2013, clint frazier, went about selecting his management team; the way major league baseball teams handle their minor leaguers; and what it takes for any of them to reach the majors. in this lesson, we will also study how an agent can build an agency from the ground up, and represent professional athletes through their progression to their peak earning years. finally, a look into the beginning of lebron james career with his personal attorney, up to the decision. week three: representing the peak professional athlete part i protecting the publicity rights of athletes while monetizing and maximizing their brands through product endorsement and license agreements. we will analyze the history of publicity rights and how to market your clients image effectively. week four: income representing the peak professional athlete part ii rebuilding the reputation of athletes who have damaged their brands. how a financial advisor can help a player manage income streams to maintain their lifestyle post-retirement. also, we will discuss whether lebron james made the right long-term branding decision by returning to cleveland, and where his brand will go from here. week five: income protection and life after retirement protecting an athlete's income through insurance policies; an analysis of the on-going concussion epidemic in contact sports; and how an athlete can best prepare for life after retirement. week six: life cycle of individual sports, the longest career trajectory part i an introduction to the world of golf and tennis athletes who have enjoyed the longest careers in sports. insider experts' look into how an athlete can diversify his or her brand. also, the commissioner of the lpga will discuss the ins and outs of the ladies tour. week seven:life cycle of individual sports, the longest career trajectory part ii an introduction to the world of golf and tennis athletes who have enjoyed longest careers in sports. insider experts' look into how an athlete can diversify his or her brand. how an agent can best protect his or her athlete in endorsement agreements through appropriately drafted suitability and morals clauses. week eight: representing the professional footballer part i an in-depth look into the life of a footballer, from the youth squad to the first team and after retirement. how to handle a player deciding whether or not to continue their career following a series of injuries. how to handle the career of the next young david beckham, from loans to transfers to bumper contracts and more -- how to monetize the brand of your footballer, while ensuring their focus with success on the pitch. week nine: representing the professional footballer part ii an in-depth look into the operations of football club afc bournemouth with chairman jeff mostyn -- jeff will also describe his roles with the fa council. an analysis of the contract clauses in football, in particular release clauses, buyout clauses and sell-on clauses, and a brief glimpse into third-party ownership and how a transfer works. finally, a look at the most influential agents in europe and how they have come to be successful. no particular background is required, but because the course is an introduction to the world of a sports agent,students may find it helpful to possess an interest insports, marketing or representing professional talent. for a deeper understanding of the course materials, we recommend purchasing representing the professional athlete, 2d (american casebook) by professor carfagna. if you are in the united states, the book is available here for purchase. if you are outside the united states, click here for information on ordering it from one of our international resellers."
mooc	course	v1-300	startup engineering	"learn the engineering skills needed to build a technology startup from the ground up. spiritual sequel to peter thiel's cs183 course on startups. bridges the gap between academic computer science and production software engineering. fast-paced introduction to key tools and techniques (command line, dotfiles, text editor, distributed version control, debugging, testing, documentation, reading code, deployments), featuring guest appearances by senior engineers from successful startups and large-scale academic projects. over the course of the class, students will build a command line application, expose it as a web service, and then link other students' applications and services together to build an html5 mobile app. general principles are illustrated through modern javascript and the latest web technologies, including node, backbone, coffeescript, bootstrap, git, and github. the syllabus is optimized to enable students toiterate on their final projects as soon as possible, with technical material in the first half of the class and entrepreneurial considerationsin the second half. introduction and quickstart tools: vms, iaas/paas, unix command line, text editors, dcvs frontend: html/css/js, wireframing, market research backend: ssjs, databases, frameworks, data pipelines apis: client-side templating, http, soa/rest/json, api as bizdev devops: testing, deployment, ci, monitoring, performance dev scaling: dry, reading/reviewing/documenting code, parallelizing founding: conception, composition, capitalization business scaling: promotion, cac/ltv/funnel, regulation, accounting summary and demo week familiarity with basic programming at the level of stanford's cs106b is required. some exposure to html, css, and javascript will also be helpful. to get a sense of the energy humming throughsiliconvalley, the following reading will be helpful: first, for the big picture read why software is eating the world, the rise and fall of personal computing, and internet trends. next, look at these articles onstanford's facebook class, thesocial network , and massively collaborative mathematics. finally, read startup = growthand as much of thecs183 notes as you can. this class takes up where cs183 left off."
mooc	course	v1-791	"statistical reasoning for public health 1: estimation, inference, & interpretation"	"a conceptual and interpretive public health approach to some of the most commonly used methods from basic statistics.  in this data centric era, statistics has become an essential tool for processing information from the realm of public health and medical research. understanding both the implications and limitations of the results from such research is essential for making informed treatment decisions, public health practice protocols and policy recommendations. in this class, a conceptual and interpretive approach is applied to some of the most used methods from basic statistics. the course will detail appropriate summary measures for quantifying the health of single populations, and comparing such outcomes between populations using results from representative but imperfect data samples. additionally, the role of uncertainty in sample based estimated will be covered, allowing for conclusions to be drawn regarding the larger populations under study while recognizing the imperfection in the study estimates. all topics will be considered through a conceptual lens allowing students to focus on the what, why, and so what with regards to the implications of research results. developed in collaboration with johns hopkins open education lab. study designs for comparing populations single sample numerical summary measures for continuous, binary and time-to-event outcomes visual displays for continuous and time-to-event outcomes the normal (gaussian) distribution measures of association: mean differences, risk differences, relative risks, odds ratios and incidence rate ratios confidence intervals for means, mean differences, proportions, relative risks, odds ratios, incidence rates and incidence rate ratios hypothesis testing: paired and two-sample t-tests, the chi-square test, fisher's exact test, and the log-rank test power and sample size (optional)  "
mooc	course	v1-2058	surveillance law	"learn how police and intelligence agencies can access your data, and how the law (might) protect you! hackers, attorneys, and concerned citizens are all welcome. its easy to be cynical about government surveillance. in recent years, a parade of orwellian disclosures have been making headlines. the fbi, for example, is hacking into computers that run anonymizing software. the nsa is vacuuming up domestic phone records. even local police departments are getting in on the act, tracking cellphone location history and intercepting signals in realtime. perhaps 2014 is not quite 1984, though. this course explores how american law facilitates electronic surveillancebut also substantially constrains it. you will learn the legal procedures that police and intelligence agencies have at their disposal, as well as the security and privacy safeguards built into those procedures. the material also provides brief, not-too-geeky technical explanations of some common surveillance methods. i. introduction we will begin with a brief overview of how surveillance fits into the american legal system. we will also discuss how surveillance issues can be litigated. ii. the basics of surveillance law next, we will review established police surveillance procedures. using telephone technology as a simple starting point, we will work through various sorts of data that investigators might seek to accessand the constitutional and statutory safeguards on that data. iii. applying surveillance law to information technology having learned the basics, we will turn to more modern technologies. we will discuss snooping on email, web browsing, and mobile phone location, as well as hacking into devices. iv. compelled assistance to law enforcement what happens when data is technically protected? in this section, we will talk about the governments (limited) ability to mandate backdoors and to require decryption. v. the structure of foreign intelligence surveillance law the law that applies to foreign intelligence activities runs parallel to the law that applies to police activities. we will compare the two systems of law and review key distinctions. the section places particular emphasis on section 215 of the usa patriot act, section 702 of the fisa amendments act, and executive order 12333. vi. controversial nsa programs in the final section, we will review the conduct and legality of controversial national security agency programs. we will discuss in detail the domestic phone metadata program, prism, and upstream internet monitoring.  there is no required textbook for the course. all readings will be provided online. several tomes discuss electronic surveillance in detail. for further reading, you might consider dragnet nation and no place to hide. if you'd like a more lawyerly take, we highly recommend the (free and public) department of justice manual on electronic evidence. a number of casebooks also touch on government surveillance, including computer crime law, criminal procedure: investigation, information privacy law, and internet law. much of the best legal writing on electronic surveillance is posted to blogs. you might also take a look at the volokh conspiracy, lawfare, and just security. keep in mind that this area of law is evolving rapidly. if you encounter an explanation that seems outdated, it probably is. when this material was last offered at stanford, for example, the law changed multiple times during the course."
mooc	course	v1-2155	learning for sustainability: developing a personal ethic	"we all have our own understandings of sustainability', of its significance as an environmental, social, economic and moral concept, and as a principle for individual, collective or corporate behaviour. this course begins from your starting point and explores how we might make positive differences to the future of our planet, and encourage others to do so. many issues threaten the future of ourselves and other species on the planet.the most prominent of these is dangerous global climate change; and this with the over-exploitation of our lands and seas, loss of biodiversity, andover-use of manufactured chemicals, affects the stability of the global systems upon which all life depends. for our species these (and other factors) contribute to social inequalities and impact on human well-being and economic stability. it is imperative that we develop an informed response to these challenges and that we feel empowered and enabled to take positive actions towards a sustainable future. in this course you will refine your own understanding of 'sustainability' in light of the range of definitions, contexts and educational approaches that we will discuss. this process will enable you to develop a personal ethic and positive response to sustainability, and help you to communicate these ideas to others. what on earth could be more important? week 1: disruption: reorienting our thoughts using your current thinking as a starting point we will explore a range of contemporary definitions and perspectives. by sharing and discussing our experiences we will broaden our collective understanding of the range and scope of 'sustainability', and address this as a contested concept. we will introduce the fundamentals of how the planets global systems work. week 2: thinking deeply: local issues and personal reflections this week we will begin to contextualise our discussion by asking you to introduce some local sustainability issues. we will then discuss our personal responses to these and consider how we can draw on local matters as drivers for change.  week 3: understanding broadly: global issues and wider positioning this week we will widen our discussion to consider how local issues are related to and nested within wider, global contexts. we will discuss how these problems relate to global systems and introduce concepts such as systems thinking and complexity as frameworks to help position our thinking. we will use a range of case studies to exemplify these global connections.  week 4: implement: how do we take action? drawing on the knowledge gained in previous weeks we will consider how we can turn our thoughts into action. we will discuss what that action would look like at a personal, local and global level, and what impacts we can expect to have. we will also consider how we could measure and evaluate success across those domains.  week 5: learning for sustainability: how can we inform and educate others? finally we will offer learning for sustainability as a strategy for future action. we will discuss how education taken in its broadest sense (to include our daily interactions with others, in our homes, in workplaces, and for some in more formal educational settings) can be used to encourage others to develop a personal ethic of sustainability, encourage a value shift at a wider societal level and engender transformational change.  learning objectives by the end of this course you will have: gained a better understanding of the concept and practice of sustainability. understood the complexity and range of definitions and responses to the issue of sustainability between and within communities, societies and cultures at local and global levels. analysed your own situation and considered the manifestation of sustainability within your local space and its connection with the global visioning of sustainability. developed a personal response to the issue of sustainability and imagined how you could positively respond to local sustainability challenges. considered the role of education (in its broad sense) and communication as a way to encourage a deeper understanding of sustainability and as a process for positive change. become more informed, confident and able to encourage others within your family, community and workplace to develop their own understanding of sustainability and to become agents of change themselves. no background required, just a willingness to actively engage in the course; all are welcome. "
mooc	course	v1-240	sustainable agricultural land management	"this course will cover the agricultural and urban water quality issues in florida, their bases, land and nutrient management strategies, and the science and policy behind the best management practices (bmps).  students will learn to evaluate bmp research and analyze its role in determining practices and policies that protect water quality. protecting the states water from nutrient contamination depends on adopting best management practices (bmps) for land and nutrient management in the urban and agricultural settings. bmps must be based on science and be practical and economical to adopt, while meeting societys needs. course requirements weekly modules: the course material for each week is laid out in the weekly pages. generally, it is a good idea to do the work in the order it is listed video lectures: short presentations from professor hochmuth detail the key concepts for each week discussion forums: post, read, and respond in the forums to deepen your understanding of the concepts quizzes: check your understanding of the key concepts and terminology. stand-alone quizzes that you'll take after reviewing the material for that week peer assessments: peer evaluation of the project rough draft and final project submissions. the final project is required if you wish to earn a statement of accomplishment with distinction. the project is divided into four total submissions, three individual parts and a final submission which should incorporate feedback from your peers on all three parts. "
mooc	course	v1-1178	sustainable food production through livestock health management	"learn about the impact of infectious disease on sustainable animal-based food production by understanding the science of growth, immunity, and infection and by learning the problem-solving skills needed to advance animal health and food production through optimal management practices. there is a growing global need in agricultural production for a workforce that is capable of integrating knowledge of animal health and production with an understanding of consumer preferences in the context of economic reality, business efficiency, and ethical constraint. however, current evidence suggests that there is a growing shortage of people with the knowledge and problem-solving skills required to match the rapid advances being made in animal health, science, and food production. the results of this shortage are wide-ranging and could lead to challenges in food security and agricultural economic competitiveness in some countries. in this course we will explore the effect of infectious disease on sustainable animal-based food production. the content and learning outcomes of this new course will be designed to be relevant across different food production sectors (i.e., beef, dairy, poultry, and pigs). while the instructors will provide the participants with a strong scientific base for understanding the impact of infectious disease in animal-based food production, the emphasis of the material will be on practical problem-solving and will be directed towards equipping participants with a platform for developing the skills needed to contribute to sustainable food production. week 1: how does livestock disease impact the affordability and sustainability of food production? week 2: what causes infectious disease in animals? week 3: how does the host respond to infectious disease? week 4: what is the impact of caregivers, the environment, and management systems on host response and disease transmission? week 5: how do infectious diseases behave in production animal populations? week 6: how do pathogens, animal management practices, and cultural norms influence human health? some understanding of the following will help maximize your learning experience: basic mammalian biology rudimentary microbiology fundamentals of immunology livestock husbandry animal production cycles none."
mooc	course	v1-2569	curanderismo part 3: traditional healing with cultural traditions	"this is part three of a 3-course sequence on curanderismo: traditional medicine of mexico and the southwest. the instructor will present a welcome video describing the course syllabus followed by a power point presentation on the topic of 'curanderismo,' traditional/folk medicine. each thematic module will consist of an average of two 20-minute videos, by well-known traditional healers from mexico, and the united states. some of the hands-on demonstrations will be followed by additional readings and discussions on effectiveness of traditional and holistic medicine, which has been revived and recently gained popularity throughout the world. there will be a translator in the videos for the healers from mexico who speak spanish. instructor:dr. eliseo cheo torres, from the university of new mexico description:this course will provide information on the history, traditions, rituals, herbs, and remedies of curanderismo, a folk healing tradition of the southwestern united states, latin america and mexico. optional texts: 1.curandero: a life in mexican folk healing, eliseo torres & tim sawyer 2.healing with herbs & rituals: a mexican tradition, eliseo torres, edited by tim sawyer 3.infusions of healing, joie davidow for furtherreferences on curanderismo, students are encouraged to read the following books: 1.border medicine - a transcultural history of mexican american curanderismo, brett hendrickson module/week topic 1 introduction videos   welcome video (3)   powerpoint introduction/overview of curanderismo (3)   film on the university of new mexicos summer class 2 1. curanderismo collection: different cultures with similar traditions  2. healing the digestive system  3. healing the nervous system 3 4. temazcal (3 videos) 4 5. intestinal blockage (empacho)  6. healing through sound and music 5 7. traditional remedies for infants and children  8. traditional healing for the aging community 6 9. dia de los muertos & healing through grief  interviews  rita  tonita  curanderismo students no prior knowledge needed. optional texts: curandero: a life in mexican folk healing, eliseo torres & tim sawyer healing with herbs & rituals: a mexican tradition, eliseo torres, edited by tim sawyer infusions of healing, joie davidow for furtherreferences on curanderismo, students are encouraged to read the following books: border medicine - a transcultural history of mexican american curanderismo, brett hendrickson"
mooc	course	v1-285	virology i: how viruses work	"introductory virology course emphasizing the common reactions that must be completed by all viruses for successful reproduction within a host cell.  this introductory virology course emphasizes the common reactions that must be completed by all viruses for successful reproduction within a host cell and survival and spread within a host population. the molecular basis of alternative reproductive cycles are presented with examples drawn from a set of representative animal and human viruses, although selected bacterial viruses will be discussed. this offering has been a top-ten itunes u course in sciences pretty much since its release in 2012, with over 80,000 subscriptions. the course will be ported to the coursera platform in two parts and will allow interested online students to take the course as a cohort for the first time. week 1 welcome to virology what is a virus? viruses then and now week 2 the infectious cycle assay of viral infectivity measurement of virions and their components revolutionary methods one-step growth cycle week 3 the baltimore scheme dna virus genomes rna virus genomes viral genetics week 4 structure the tools of structural virology helical symmetry icosahedral symmetry enveloped virions complex virions week 5 attachment to cells entry into cells acid-catalyzed fusion a new paradigm for entry entry of non-enveloped virions entering the nucleus week 6 viral rna synthesis rna polymerization plus strand rna synthesis negative strand rna synthesis rna synthesis of dsrna genomes rna synthesis as a source of diversity week 7 dna basics lessons from sv40 priming via dna or protein viral origins big dna viruses regulation of dna synthesis week 8 transcription initiation of transcription viral transcription regulation capping and polyadenylation pre-mrna splicing week 9 reverse transcriptase retroviruses reverse transcription integration the provirus hepatitis b virus week 10 end-dependent initiation of protein synthesis other decoding mechanisms one mrna, one protein? maximizing coding capacity of the viral genome regulation of translation: eif2alpha how viruses regulate cell translation micrornas week 11 principles of virion assembly getting to the right place making sub-assemblies concerted assembly: budding genome packaging acquisition of an envelope and egress two semesters of a rigorous, molecularly-oriented introductory biology course. the recommended textbook isprinciples of virology. vol i: molecular biology, vol. ii: pathogenesis and control(s.j. flint et al., third edition, asm press 2009). you don't need to buy this book to do well in this course, as the lectures are self-contained,but if you are very interested in virology, it's a great resource. the book is available through amazonor chegg.com students are expected to read prof. racaniellos virology blog (virology.ws) which will contain information relevant to the course. students are expected to listen to the weekly podcast this week in virologyproduced by prof. racaniello, for additional material about viruses relevant to the course. you can subscribe to twiv at www.twiv.tvor onitunes."
mooc	course	v1-691	how viruses cause disease	"introductory virology course that covers the interplay between viruses and their host organisms, with with the goal of understanding viral diseases and their prevention. this introductory virology course explores the interplay between viruses and their host organisms. the course begins with an overview of how infection is established in a host, then moves to a virologist's view of immune defenses. next we consider how the replication strategy and the host response determine the outcome of infection, such that some are short and others are of long duration. the mechanisms by which virus infections transform cells in culture are explored, a process that may lead to tumor formation in animals. we then move to a discussion of how viral infections are controlled by vaccines and antiviral drugs. after an introduction to viral evolution, we discuss the principles learned from zoonotic infections, emerging infections, and humankind's experiences with epidemic and pandemic viral infections. the course ends with an exploration of unusual infectious agents such as viroids, satellites, and prions, followed by a discussion of the causative agent of the most serious current worldwide epidemic, hiv-1. week 1 infection basics entry into the host viral spread tissue invasion and tropism transmission and seasonality week 2 innate immune responses interferon sentinels and complement inflammation adaptive immunity week 3 viral virulence mechanisms of cell injury i mechanisms of cell injury ii host susceptibility week 4 acute infections influenza poliomyelitis measles gastroenteritis west nile fever week 5 persistent infections persistence by modulating the adaptive response two persistent infections herpes simplex virus epstein-barr virus week 6 transformation rna tumor viruses transforming retroviruses dna tumor viruses epiphenomena of a unique life style week 7 vaccines how do you make a vaccine? inactivated vaccines attenuated vaccines week 8 antivirals antiviral discovery antiviral resistance other antiviral targets hiv antivirals week 9 viral evolution drivers of evolution error threshold and bottlenecks selection origins of viruses week 10 emerging viruses host-virus interactions examples of emerging viruses sars and mers canine parvovirus week 11 viroids satellites transmissible spongiform encephalopathies prions week 12 hiv and aids the origin of hiv hiv pathogenesis an amazing but deadly virus two semesters of a rigorous, molecularly-oriented introductory biology course and virology i: how viruses work. the recommended textbook isprinciples of virology. vol i: molecular biology, vol. ii: pathogenesis and control(s.j. flint et al., third edition, asm press 2009). you don't need to buy this book to do well in this course, as the lectures are self-contained,but if you are very interested in virology, it's a great resource. students are expected to read prof. racaniellos virology blog (virology.ws) which will contain information relevant to the course. students are expected to listen to the weekly podcast this week in virologyproduced by prof. racaniello, for additional material about viruses relevant to the course. you can subscribe to twiv at www.twiv.tvor on itunes."
mooc	course	v1-130	vlsi cad:  logic to layout	"a modern vlsi chip has a zillion parts -- logic, control, memory, interconnect, etc. how do we design these complex chips? answer: cad software tools. learn how to build these tools in this class. a modern vlsi chip is a remarkably complex beast: billions of transistors, millions of logic gates deployed for computation and control, big blocks of memory, embedded blocks of pre-designed functions designed by third parties (called intellectual property or ip blocks). how do people manage to design these complicated chips? answer: a sequence of computer aided design (cad) tools takes an abstract description of the chip, and refines it step-wise to a final design. this class focuses on the major design tools used in the creation of an application specific integrated circuit (asic) or system on chip (soc) design. our focus is on the key representations that make it possible to synthesize, and to verify, these designs, as they move from logic to layout.  our goal is for students to understand how the tools themselves work, at the level of their fundamental algorithms and data structures. you should be taking this course if (1) you are interested in building vlsi design tools; (2) you are interested in designing vlsi chips, and you want to know why the tools do what they do; (3) you just like cool algorithms, that work on big cool problems that involve bits, and gates, and geometry, and graphs, and matrices, and time, and... topics covered will include: computational boolean algebra; logic verification; logic synthesis (2-level and multi-level); technology mapping; timing analysis; asic placement and routing. programming experience (c++, java) and basic knowledge of data structures and algorithms. an understanding of basic digital design: boolean algebra, kmaps, gates and flip flops, finite state machine design. linear algebra and calculus at the level of a junior or senior in engineering. exposure to basic vlsi at an undergraduate level is nice -- but its not necessary. we will keep the course self-contained, but students with some vlsi will be able to skip some background material. the course is designed to be self-contained. however, we will offer pointers to original source material, i.e., papers in conferences and journals. this area lacks a single, established front-to-back text, that covers logic and layout, as well as representation, optimization, synthesis and verification. so, we will work to be as complete as possible in the lectures."
mooc	course	v1-2095	water in the western united states	"this course combines an overview of the science behind water and climate in the western united states with a survey of the major legal, political, and cultural issues focused on this precious resource.   why is water at the heart of so much conflict in the american west? how have major cities and extensive agricultural systems been able to thrive despite most of the region being either a desert or semi-desert environment? how will a warming climate affect the availability and use of water in a region populated by tens of millions of people? we begin our journey with an overview of the geography of the interior west and its extreme contrasts, from snow-capped high mountain peaks to bone-dry deserts. we will then look at how humans have learned to adapt to the peculiarities of life in such a dry place as we examine the history of water development in the region and the main legal, political, and cultural issues at stake.well explore the primary role of snow as a water source as we discuss the physical science of water in the westwhere it comes from, how it gets used, and how a warming climate could affect its availability.well use the colorado river, often referred to as the most controlled and most litigated river in the world, as an in-depth case study. a 1922 agreement over sharing the water among seven states set the stage for conflict among states, tribes, the federal government, and others. well see how scientific research into the climatic variability of the river is informing these conflicts and other policy questions, and who is tackling the big issue of what to do if a mega-droughtor a warming climatewere to lead to a reduction in supply in this critical lifeline for much of the american southwest. finally, well explore some critical issues in depth and give you the chance to compare management of water supplies in your areawherever you are located in the worldto that of the arid west. for those living in the region, we hope to make this a fascinating look at how water gets to your tap; for those from elsewhere in the world we believe the interior west makes for a fascinating case study in management of a scarce resource. module 0. course introduction and course basics  lecture 1: how the class works lecture 2: why study water in the western us? lecture 3: overview of the water cycle lecture 4: major physical geography and social characteristics of river basins in the western us module 1. history, politics, and culture of water development in the western us lecture 1: history of water development in the west lecture 2: native american tribes and water lecture 3: water storage and delivery infrastructure lecture 4: the prior appropriation system lecture 5: interstate water conflicts and agreements lecture 6: environmental flows; water and the endangered species act module 2. hydrology, water demand, and climate in the western us lecture 1: climate in the western us and its impact on water resources lecture 2: water quality, aquatic habitat, and drinking water lecture 3: groundwater resources lecture 4: watershed impacts lecture 5: river and flash flooding lecture 6: water demand for agriculture lecture 7: water demand for urban areas lecture 8: impacts of climate change in the interior west module 3. case study: the colorado river basin lecture 1: geographic and physical overview of the colorado river basin lecture 2: history of development of the colorado river basin: the era of big dams lecture 3: climate and the colorado river basin: past, present, and future lecture 4: the colorado river basin water supply and demand study lecture 5: human control vs. natural variability: the grand canyon experimental flows program module 4. controversial water issues in depth and course conclusion lecture 1: science, management, and reality: the story of the california bay delta lecture 2: doing more with less: water conservation and new supplies in las vegas lecture 3: a growing controversy: hydraulic fracturing and water supplies lecture 4: understanding water quality impacts: boulder creek case study lecture 5: the water-energy nexus lecture 6: what does the future hold? climate change, growing populations, and solutions for the future lecture 7: course conclusion there are no prerequisites for this course, and no prior knowledge is assumed. there are no required readings for this course. however, below is a list of books relevant to the topic that we have found interesting and informative, some of which are available freely online. most of them are rather long and some are a bit technical, so please don't feel obliged to read them. william lewis, jr. (ed.)(2003): water and climate in the western united states. john wesley powell (1879): report on the lands of the arid region of the united states. norris hundley, jr. (2001): the great thirst: californians and water. norris hundley, jr. (2009): water and the west: the colorado river compact and the politics of water in the american west. marc reisner (1993): cadillac desert. donald worster (1992): rivers of empire. water, aridity, and the growth of the american west. sarah bates, david getches, lawrence mcdonald, charles wilkinson (1993): searching out the headwaters: change and rediscovery in western water policy. us bureau of reclamation, colorado river basin water supply and demand study garfin, g. et al. (2013): climate change impacts in the united states: the third national climate assessment ch. 20: southwest, j. m. melillo et al. (eds.), u.s. global change research program, 462-486."
mooc	course	v1-1565	presumed innocent? the social science of wrongful conviction	"the united states criminal justice system is typically an accurate and efficient systemalthough, as a human creation, it is not perfect. this course will employ a social scientific perspective to understand why innocent people are sometimes convicted of crimes they did not commit. in this course we will discuss wrongful convictions, their causes, and their solutions. according to the national registry of exonerations, a joint project of michigan law and northwestern law, over 1,600 individuals in the united states have been exonerated after being convicted for crimes they did not commit. these are the known cases of wrongful convictionthe actual number is much higher. some of these individuals have served years, even decades, in prison for these crimes. often, real offenders have escaped justice as a result of the wrong person being accused and convicted. as noted, we will approach this topic from a social scientific perspective. social science is a broad field that seeks to understand social interactions between individuals, groups, and institutions. the field includes academic disciplines such as sociology, criminology, psychology, economics, anthropology, political science, and other related disciplines. in this course we will explore wrongful convictions answering several key questions: what do we mean by wrongfully convicted, and how common are wrongful convictions? who are wrongfully convicted? where in the criminal justice system do things go wrong to lead to wrongful convictions? why do wrongful convictions occur? how can social science contribute to understanding, and preventing wrongful convictions?  for-credit option: this course will also be offered for penn state credit. this course option will require a heavier workload and offer instructor feedback and assessment on completed work. more info here each week we will cover two lessons in the course. each lesson, while related, will be considered independently. week one: introduction to the criminal justice system social science and public policy: due process and crime control week two: wrongful conviction defined wrongful conviction demographics and statistics week three: wrongful conviction and the criminal justice processwhere do things go wrong? causes of wrongful conviction: eyewitness misidentificationan introduction week four: causes of wrongful conviction: eyewitness misidentificationsystem variables causes of wrongful conviction: eyewitness misidentificationestimator variables week five: causes of wrongful conviction: false confessions causes of wrongful conviction: jailhouse snitches and informants week six: causes of wrongful conviction: government misconduct and poor defense myths and misconceptions of decision-makers: judges, juries, and the public week seven: using social science to prevent wrongful convictions what can you do? a basic understanding of the united states criminal justice system would be helpful, but we have included a summary lesson at the beginning of the course. "
mooc	course	v1-692	climate change in four dimensions	"this course views climate change from a variety of perspectives at the intersection of the natural sciences, technology, and the social sciences and humanities.  this course views climate change from a variety of perspectives at the intersection of the natural sciences, technology, and the social sciences and humanities.  specific topics included are: the scientific basis for human-induced climate change, including uncertainties and controversies, the historical context for identifying the climate problem, links to other issues such as air pollution, and the evidence for extreme as well as irreversible climate changes; communication and social responses to the scientific evidence, including the role of science in the media; assessment of climate impacts and adaptive management; and mitigation of emissions, including the design of national policy instruments, the roles of market failures such as in technological innovation, and the role of institutions in managing international collective action. below you will find the course topics for each week. you will have access to a more detailed syllabus on the course start date. this course has 19 lessons, weekly activities, a mid-term, and a final exam. the topics are as follows: week 1: basic science of climate change lesson 1: climate change science: history, foundations, detection, attribution lesson 2: how much will climate change? climate models and sensitivity week 2: the nature of scientific knowledge lesson 3: the scientific consensus on climate change: how do we know were not wrong? part 1 lesson 4: the scientific consensus on climate change: how do we know were not wrong? part 2 week 3: climate change mitigation lesson 5: physics and chemistry of climate mitigation lesson 6: why climate is an international problem week 4: international dimensions of climate change lesson 7: international cooperation on the ozone layer: a useful model? lesson 8: international cooperation on climate change: models for reform (with a focus on mitigation) week 5: the impacts of climate change lesson 9: extreme weather, climate change and communication lesson 10: impacts of climate change week 6: what may be in store for the world? mid-term lesson 11: coping with climate change in the next half-century week 7: how the public views climate change lesson 12: merchants of doubt, part 1 lesson 13: merchants of doubt, part 2 week 8: how regions are preparing to adapt lesson 14: ice, snow, and water lesson 15: arctic and california climate change assessments week 9: what we can do, part 1 lesson 16: what if climate change turns ugly? the pros and cons of geoengineering. lesson 17: technology innovation (with a focus on energy) week 10: what we can do, part 2 lesson 18: its not too late to mitigate lesson 19: avoid the unmanageable, manage the unavoidable the course is designed for individuals with previous collegiate experience,and will be taught in an online lecture format. there are no specific background requirements and everyone is welcome. it will be helpful to you if you have experience in interpreting data as well as graphic representations of data and to have a familiarity with basic principles of natural and physical science. required and optional readings are aligned with the weekly lesson learning objectives. there is no required textbook. open educational resources are being used in this course. for example, during week one this is a required reading and is made available to students as a pdf document: ipcc, 2007: summary for policymakers. ipcc, 2007: summary for policymakers. in: climate change 2007: the physical science basis. contribution of working group i to the fourth assessment report of the intergovernmental panel on climate change [solomon, s., d. qin, m. manning, z. chen, m. marquis, k.b. averyt, m.tignor and h.l. miller (eds.)]. cambridge university press, cambridge, united kingdom and new york, ny, usa."
mooc	course	v1-2613	applied regression analysis	"regression modeling is the standard method for analysis of continuous response data. this course provides theoretical and practical training in statistical modeling with particular emphasis on linear and multiple regression. statistical modeling is a fundamental element of analysis for statisticians, epidemiologists, biostatisticians and other professionals of related disciplines. people in the health sciences profession rely on regression modeling to gain insight on make decisions based on a continuous flow of response data. focusing on linear and multiple regression, this course will provide theoretical and practical trainingin statistical modeling. this is a hands-on, applied course where students will become proficient at using computer software to analyze data drawn primarily from the fields of medicine, epidemiology and public health. there will be many practical examples and homework exercises in this class to help you learn.if you fully apply yourself in this course and complete all of the homework, you will have the opportunity to master methods of statistical modeling when the response variable is continuous and you will become a confident user of the stata* package for computing linear, polynomial and multiple regression. *access to stata will be provided at no cost for the duration of this course. this course was developed in partnership with the centre virchow-villerm for public health paris-berlin, a bi-national centre of the universit sorbonne paris cit and charit  universittsmedizin berlin. special support was contributed from the universit paris descartes that also belongs to the community of universit sorbonne paris cit. week one review of basic statistical concepts regression and correlation week two linear regression assumptions for linear regression hypothesis test and confidence intervals for model parameters week three the correlation coefficient the anova table for straight line regression week four polynomial regression week five multiple regression the partial f-testweek six dummy (or indicator) variables statistical interaction comparing two straight line regression equations students interested in this course should have taken a solid introductory statistical methods course. while not absolutely necessary, familiarity with some statistical software package (such as spss, sas or r) would definitely be an advantage. we will be making exclusive use of stata for the course lectures and homework solutions. however, students who are proficient in other packages could use those packages in place of stata. based on past experience we strongly encourage students to use stata for this course as it will facilitate communications with the professor, the teaching assistants, as well as other students in the course. all core materials for this course will be provided within the course at no cost to the student. although this course is designed to be self-contained, you may supplement your learning experience in this course by purchasing this optional and excellent textbook  applied regression analysis and multivariable methods (4th edition) by kleinbaum, kupper, muller, and nizam "
mooc	course	v1-1973	the caltech-jpl summer school on big data analytics	"this is an intensive, advanced summer school (in the sense used by scientists) in some of the methods of computational, data-intensive science.  it covers a variety of topics from applied computer science and engineering, and statistics, and it requires a strong background in computing, statistics, and data-intensive research. this is not a class as it is commonly understood; it is the set of materials from a summer school offered by caltech and jpl, in the sense used by most scientists: an intensive period of learning of some advanced topics, not on an introductory level. the school will cover a variety of topics, with a focus on practical computing applications in research: the skills needed for a computational ('big data') science, not computer science. the specific focus will be on applications in astrophysics, earth science (e.g., climate science) and other areas of space science, but with an emphasis on the general tools, methods, and skills that would apply across other domains as well. it is aimed at an audience of practicing researchers who already have a strong background in computation and data analysis. the lecturers include computational science and technology experts from caltech and jpl. students can evaluate their own progress, but there will be no tests, exams, and no formal credit or certificates will be offered. the anticipated schedule of lectures (subject to changes): each bullet bellow corresponds to a set of materials that includes approximately 2 hours of video lectures, various links and supplementary materials, plus some on-line, hands-on exercises. 1. introduction to the school. software architectures. introduction to machine learning. 2. best programming practices. information retrieval. 3. introduction to r. markov chain monte carlo. 4. statistical resampling and inference. 5. databases. 6. data visualization. 7. clustering and classification. 8. decision trees and random forests. 9. dimensionality reduction. closing remarks. the students should have a solid background in scientific computing and data analysis. the target audience includes upper-level undergraduate and graduate students, postdocs, or other researchers in science and technology fields. good programming skills in at least one modern computer language (or the ability to quickly learn one) are needed, as well as some knowledge of statistics, and some experience with scientific data analysis. background knowledge in computer science is a plus. will be provided along with the other learning materials. "
mooc	course	v1-2437	on strategy: what managers can learn from philosophy - part 2	"part 2 of the mooc: 3 new lectures this entire mooc is based on one of my strongest beliefs: philosophy is the best tool to help managers in areas where no numbers are available. after all a strategic vision is an 'idea', it is translated into a 'concept', a business model is a  'model' etc. and we need to better understand what is an idea, what is a concept, what is a model etc. in other words we need to better understand how do we think. in the first six lectures we made a surprising journey from the ancient greek philosophers to the corporate world of today. you probably crossed a set of 'new territories' but honestly, it was the same for me ! apparently this experience has no end in sight! the first six lectures are broadcasted for a second time during this fall and i had the chance to record three additional lectures last september. not a surprise: philosophy is like a country you want to visit, there are always new roads to discover and even new paths to create. it is highly recommended to have attended lectures 1-6 to take the most out of this part 2. in lecture 7, i examine the deep nature of the changes the world is currently facing and the associated challenges for us. lecture 8 focus on one of them: the impact of technology on the way we think. in the last lecture i suggest some tips that might help you to become a better manager, in other words to become a corporate philosopher. evaluations will be similar to the ones you had so far: open questions that request some research. at the end of lecture 9, i will again ask you to submit a short paper about a famous quote of a great philosopher. moreover, we will organize a google hangout during lecture 8. lecture 7: the essence of change 7.1 the end of... 7.2 you need a fixed point 7.3 philosophy as a fixed point 7.4 two first challenges 7.5 another center of gravity 7.6 the four causes of aristotle 7.7 'a thus b' or 'a and b' lecture 8: is technology making us stupid? 8.1 four types of tools 8.2 the disappointing equation 8.3 a third example: big data 8.4 the end of science? 8.5 question what is in front of you 8.6 who is the tool of who? lecture 9: become a corporate philosopher! 9.1 use the right words 9.2 use criteria 9.3 beware the question 9.4 use creativity techniques 9.5 think visual 9.6 never stop thinking 9.7 embrace humor no background knowledge or skills are required, though we recommend an interest in philosophy. de brabandere, luc, iny, alan, thinking in new boxes: a new paradigm for business creativity, 2013, random house de brabandere, luc, the forgotten half of change, kaplan, 2007 hersch, jeanne, ltonnement philosophique : une histoire de la philosophie, editions folio, 1993 others suggested reading will be offer during the course. "
mooc	course	v1-1520	introduction to the science of cancer	"cancer strikes individuals, affects families and causes economic hardship. the burden of cancer will rise globally in coming years due to a growing, aging world population. this open course is designed for people who may be unfamiliar with science but are interested in developing a sound understanding of cancer and how it is diagnosed, treated, prevented and studied.  in thisintroduction to the science of cancer course, oncologists and researchers at the ohio state university comprehensive cancer center  arthur g. james cancer hospital and richard j. solove research institute (osuccc  james) explain the scientific basis of cancer and key concepts in learner-friendly terms. the course is divided into five modules organized to facilitate engaged learning. in 2012, an estimated 14.1 million people developed cancer, and 8 million people died from it. the number of cancer cases is expected to grow to 22 million over the next 20 years due to the growing and aging of the world population. cancer treatment can certainly be a challenge for some in high-income countries. however, 60 percent of cancer cases and 70 percent of cancer deaths occur in low- and middle-income countries in africa, asia and central and south america, which have much fewer resources for cancer care. the rising number of cancer cases presents a serious global problem that requires an equally serious commitment to cancer prevention. the osuccc  james offers introduction to the science of cancerto encourage that global commitment to cancer prevention. the course could be helpful to anyone who wants a better understanding of cancer, but further, we hope it will be particularly useful to stakeholders in under-resourced areas, such as medical and nursing students, hospital staff, secondary-school teachers, news reporters and editors, social workers and public health workers. a better understanding of cancer by all could help initiate and promote cancer prevention efforts by both individuals and nations. important concepts explored in this course include: how cancer is not one disease, it is many complex diseases how many cancers are preventable how preventing cancer helps prevent heart disease, hypertension and diabetes why healthy cells turn cancerous the main types of cancer the differences between childhood and adult cancers how cancer is treated responding to the psychological stress of cancer how genomics is changing cancer diagnosis and treatment what the different imaging technologies show the promising field of epigenetics and cancer how targeted and immune therapies work the importance of vaccination and screening for preventing cancer how basic, clinical and other types of research improve cancer care module one : what is cancer anatomy of a cell dna, genes and mutations solid tumors childhood cancer module two : diagnosis of cancer genomics epigenetics imaging module three : treatment of cancer radiation chemotherapy targeted therapy immune therapy module four : prevention of cancer tobacco alcohol diet chronic infections heredity and cancer module five : cancer research epidemiology and population science research clinical trials correlative research all that is needed to take this course is an interest in gaining a solid understanding of cancer  its causes, prevention, diagnosis and treatment. each module will feature readings provided in the course. "
mooc	course	v1-2500	climate change policy and public health	"explore current evidence linking climate change and public health while learning the fundamental co-benefits of climate change mitigation.  evaluate policies and interventions while gaining hands on experience communicating climate science and health to policy makers and the general public.  climate change is having and will continue to have a dramatic impact on global public health  from natural disasters and the increased spread of infectious disease to predicted crop losses and heat waves. this course explores the impact of human activities on climate change and consequently public health, as well as the many real benefits to climate change mitigation. we will discover the multiple benefits  or co-benefits  provided by public policies and initiatives to reduce emissions. for example, protecting the environment by reducing greenhouse gases can simultaneously improve human health. in addition to providing evidence for climate changes impact on human health, this course will explore three primary areas where co-benefits can be realized: renewable energy, agriculture and food, urban design and active transport. please note: use of the term urban is relative; traits traditionally understood as urban can exist in many places, even if populations are not large. this course will feature input from experts across the globe. participants will have the opportunity to engage with the current scientific and political literature, and discuss course content with peers worldwide. course participants will be given a strong foundation in the core linkages between climate change, policy, and health. there will also be hands-on opportunities to develop skills in communicating the science and policy connections between climate change and public health. the course will emphasize a way forward for all, one providing the most beneficial effects on both human health and the environment. week 1: week 1 will explore crucial background information for this course, including the scientific consensus on climate change and its known impacts on health. students will also review the lima decision, where at the 20th conference of the parties held in lima, health concerns were explicitly mentions for the first time as a requirement for countries to consider in their formal policy planning for climate change mitigation and adaptation. week 2: week 2 will cover the health co-benefits of renewable energy and efficient housing, with a detailed look at how burning fossil fuels impacts air pollution and health. students will also explore air quality legislation in india. week 3: week 3 will focus on the health co-benefits of sustainable agriculture, and introduce students to some missed opportunities in agriculture policy. students will review the us-farm bill, one of the most influential pieces of legislation controlling land management in the united states. week 4: the final week of the course will feature the health co-benefits of active transportation and smart urban design. students will evaluate swedens vision zero initiative and consider polices that support active transportation and reduced reliance on fossil fuels. no background in the subject matter is required, and all are welcome! whether you are a high-school student, decision-maker, industry leader, or working professional this course will be of value to you. supplementary resources will be provided for advanced students. in this mooc we will be using excerpts from climate change and public health, edited by barry s. levy and jonathan a. patz. "
mooc	course	v1-3218	chinese politics part 2  china and the world	"this course introduces chinas relationship to the outside world after it began to open up in the mid- late-1970s. it seeks to explain the impact of the world on china and chinas impact on the world. one of the most significant changes in the world in the past 30 years is the opening of china to the outside world and its engagement with that world. in the initial years of the opening, external forces influenced chinas economy, regional balances, bureaucracy, as well as the political authority of local leaders in the coastal areas. more recently, the world is feeling the effects of a rising china which seeks resources and talent from all around the globe and uses its financial wealth to strengthen its position in the world. this course tracks the opening of china up from 1978 until it joins the wto, focusing on how the world affected chinas internal development. we then look at various aspects of chinas going out strategy  its search for energy, talent, as well as its relations with the united states and the states within the asia-pacific region. the instructor has been deeply engaged in research on all these topics, having lived in china during various stages of chinas opening to the outside world. part 2 covers the following topics: chinas opening to the outside world, 1978-2015 chinas changing relations with the world, 2000-2015 chinas global search for resources andenergy chinas global search for talent and technology, 1978-2015 chinas rise and the world: a panel discussion students are recommended to have taken chinese politics part 1  china and political science, otherwise should watch all lecture videos from that course. "
mooc	course	v1-1648	circadian clocks: how rhythms structure life	"this course is geared towards starting undergraduate students. a solid background in biology will be helpful but not absolutely essential. the material will be of interest to those who are pursuing a career in any of the life sciences as well as anyone who has run up against their biological clock. have you ever wondered why some people sleep later or earlier than others or why your sleep times are seasonal? did you know that even fungi make spores earlier or later than their relatives each day? daily rhythms  from gene expression to behaviour  are everywhere in nature and they form a web of rhythmic interactions  from bees to blossoms to moles to hawks. that we are earlier or later than our neighbours or even than family members is due to a combination of our genes, our age and our environment. in this coursera offering, you will be taught about the science of chronobiology, with a specific emphasis on daily or circadian clocks. we will discuss a variety of biological clock systems from bacteria to humans and will explain how circadian systems are organised from the molecular mechanisms that generate the daily rhythms to the many ways that circadian clocks control our lives. lectureone: introduction to 'chronobiology'. what sorts of rhythms are observed in nature? most of the lecture will be spent on describing daily or circadian rhythms in organisms from bacteria to man. lecture two: circadian rhythms synchronise to the 24-hour environment. organisms use specialised photoreceptors to do this and they display characteristic properties in this process. we experience this active synchronisation process for example when we suffer from jet lag! lecture three: we will discuss the elaborate molecular mechanisms that allow circadian clocks to produce their daily rhythms and to synchronise them to its environment. we will compare these mechanisms in a wide range of organisms. lecture four: circadian clocks serve to orchestrate physiology and metabolism in a coordinated way over the course of the day. therefore, practically all processes in an organism are regulatedoutputs of the clock. we'll discuss examples of these processes and ideas about how this circadian regulation works. lecture five: with the appreciation of the clocks global control, we proceed to discussing how much this temporal programme controls our lives from birth to death and how much we mistreat the circadian clock in modern life. lecture six: finally, we will look at the clocks relationship to pathology. what are the consequences of living against the clock, what happens if the clock breaks, and how can we use our knowledge about the circadian system in medical diagnosis and therapy. all are welcome! if you wish to earn a certificate, the successful completion of introductory university-level biology will be helpful. although the lectures are designed to be self-contained, the following books may be of interest to deepen your knowledge of the subject area. in addition, we will make some (limited) materials available as pdf's. chronobiology: biological timing edited by dunlap, loros and decoursey, sinauer 2004. this is the only real textbook on circadian biology. it is very useful! internal time: chronotypes, jet lag and why you're so tired by till roenneberg, harvard university press, 2012. this book is by one of your coursera professors. it uses cases to teach about chronobiology and was recognised by 'brain pickings' as the best science book of 2012! rhythms of life: the biological clocks that control the daily lives of every living thing by russell foster and leon kreitzman, profile books ltd, 2014. this is a book that is suited for everyone, written by a chronobiologist and a science writer. handbook of experimental pharmacology: circadian clocks edited by kramer and merrow, springer, 2013. this book is for the experts, containing up-to-date reviews by some of the most accomplished chronobiology researchers."
mooc	course	v1-2477	cities are back in town : urban sociology for a globalizing urban world 	"urbanization is reaching a new peak in the contemporary world with the rise of mega cities. researchers try to make sense of these large urban areas using a variety of concepts. the class will review debates and present social science models of cities to analyse and compare contemporary developments. globalization, europeanization processes support the rapid developments of cities in different part of the world. urbanization is reaching a new high in the contemporary world with the rise of mega cities (beyond 15 million inhabitants) such as calcutta, los angeles, dhaka, cairo, tokyo, new york, shanghai, mexico or seoul. beyond the modern metropolis, researchers try to make sense of these large urban areas using a variety of concepts such as the postmetropolis, global cities, and global city-regions. the class will review debates and present social science models of cities and metropolis to analyse and compare contemporary developments. how can do we study those cities when they become mega urban regions, does size matter and for what? do we see the making of a vast urban world or by contrast beyond the apparent convergence of complex globalisation processes understood in relation to globalised capitalism, is it possible to identify masked differentiations and the strengthening of different urban worlds? how do we make sense of this urban world when cities are not independent units but have to be understood both in terms of territories, rootedness, and at the same time in terms of relations to take into account flux, mobility, circulations ? what is the relevance of social science concepts developed in the western world to analyse the transformation of lagos? to what extent may the systematic development of new forms of comparison between northern cities and cities from the south change social sciences and contribute to overcome the bias towards national comparison? for the time being, given current conditions of capitalism, political, economic, cultural and social questions are increasingly becoming urban questions. in the modern conception of the world/globalcity, characterised by size, the aggregation of housing, differentiated divisions of labour, and the density of interaction, several conceptions of cities exist which have become entangled and sometimes opposed to each other. these different conceptions underline different processes of integration: the material city of walls, squares, houses, roads, light, utilities, buildings, waste, and physical infrastructure; the cultural city in terms of imaginations, differences, representations, ideas, symbols, arts, texts, senses, religion, and aesthetics; the politics and policies of the city in terms of domination, power, government, mobilisation, public policies, welfare, education; the social city of riots, ethnic, economic and gender inequalities, everyday life and social movements; and the economy of the city : the division of labour, scale, production, consumption, trade..... classic urban questions about inequalities, housing, government, integration, are combined with issues about the urban fabric, questions of mobility and rootedness, sustainable development and risks, the making of the cyborg cities, questions of social control and riots, urban culture, innovation and urban economic development. all video produced by sciences po for this mooc are under creative commons (by / nc / sa) uspc - supported by universit sorbonne paris cit idex - investissements d'avenir week #1 : introduction, definition, urban questions and the use of models week #2 : european cities and the weberian model of integration week #3 :colonial and post colonial cities week #4 : industrial cities (and socialist cities) and marxist models week #5 : the american metropolis and the chicago school, week #6 :post metropolis, fragments and differences week #7 : global cities and mega cities week #8 : smart cities and the sociology of science and technology the course is designed for undergraduates but it also will interest graduates and professionals concerned in urban issues. key references bridge, g., watson, s., eds, (2011), the new blackwell companion of cities, oxford, wiley blackwell clarke, p., (2013), the oxford handbook of cities in world history, oxford, oxford university press harding, a., blokland, t., (2014), urban theory, a critical introduction to power, cities, and urbanism in the 21rst century, london, sage parnell, s. oldfield, s., (2014), the routledge handbook on cities in the global south, london, routledge key books brenner, n., (2004), new state spaces, oxford, oxford university press caldeira, t., (2000), city of walls, berkeley, university of california press castells, m., (1983), the city and the grassroots, berkeley, university of california press davies, d., (1994), urban leviathan: meixco city in the twentieth century, temple university press. gandy, m. (2002) concrete and clay: reworking nature in new york city. cambridge, ma: the mit press, harvey, d. (1989). the condition of postmodernity. oxford: blackwell. king, a.d. 1976: colonial urban development; culture, social power and environment. london: routledge and kegan paul. le gals, p. (2002). european cities: social conflicts and urban governance. oxford: oxford university press. marcuse, p., van kempen, r., 1999, eds,globalizing cities, oxford, blackwell j.logan, h.molotch, 1987.urban fortunes. the political economy of place, berkeley, the university of california press marques, e. (2012), opportunities and deprivation in the urban south, london, ashgate pattilo, m. (2007), black on the block: the politics of race and class in the city, chicago, university of chicago press robinson, j. (2005), ordinary cities, london, routledge sassen, s. (2001) the global city: new york, london, tokyo princeton princeton university press, 2nd ed. storper, m., (2013), keys to the city, princeton, princeton university press simone a., 2004. for the city yet to come: changing urban life in four african cities. duke university press. sampson, r., (2012), the great american city, chicago, university of chicago press scott, a. j., and soja, e. w. (eds.) (1996). the city: los angeles and urban theory at the end of the twentieth century. berkeley: university of california press. savage, m and al.., (2005), globalisation and belonging, london, sage. zhang, l., (2010),in search of paradise, middle class living in chinese metropolis,cornell, cornell university press"
mooc	course	v1-803	design and interpretation of clinical trials	"learn the basic principles for design of randomized clinical trials and how they should be reported.  clinical trials are experiments designed to evaluate new interventions to prevent or treat disease in humans. the interventions evaluated can be drugs, devices (e.g., hearing aid), surgeries, behavioral interventions (e.g., smoking cessation program), community health programs (e.g. cancer screening programs) or health delivery systems (e.g., special care units for hospital admissions). we consider clinical trials experiments because the investigators rather the patients or their doctors select the treatment the patients receive. results from randomized clinical trials are usually considered the highest level of evidence for determining whether a treatment is effective because trials incorporates features to ensure that evaluation of the benefits and risks of treatments are objective and unbiased. the fda requires that drugs or biologics (e.g., vaccines) are shown to be effective in clinical trials before they can be sold in the us. the course will explain the basic principles for design of randomized clinical trials and how they should be reported. in the first part of the course, students will be introduced to terminology used in clinical trials and the several common designs used for clinical trials, such as parallel and cross-over designs. we will also explain some of the mechanics of clinical trials, like randomization and blinding of treatment. in the second half of the course, we will explain how clinical trials are analyzed and interpreted. finally, we will review the essential ethical consideration involved in conducting experiments on people. developed in collaboration with johns hopkins open education lab. the course will mainly focus on the nuts and bolt of clinical trials design. lecture topics are: terminology and common trial designs randomization  what is it and how do we do it blinding treatment  why and how we keep everyone in the dark about the treatment selecting outcome  good and bad ones analyzing the data  principle of intention-to-treat, why its not crazy reporting the results  consort guidelines, a good road map for readers and writers ethical issues  why they are important and what they are student should have an interest in health sciences. some fundamental knowledge of epidemiology, e.g., types of bias, and statistics, e.g., mean and standard deviation, hypothesis testing, will be helpful. the book fundamentals of clinical trials by lawrence friedman, curt furberg and david demets is an excellent resource but is not required. we will post some readings that are related to specific parts of the course."
mooc	course	v1-2307	cloud computing applications	"learn how to use the cloud and write programs for data analytics. learn about 'cloudonomics,' the underlying economic reasons that we are creating the cloud. learn the basic concepts underlying cloud services and be able to use services like aws or openstack dashboard to construct cloud services or applications. demonstrate your ability to create web services, massively parallel data intensive computations using map/reduce, nosql databases, and real-time processing of real-time data streams. use machine learning tools to solve simple problems. this course serves as an introduction to building applications for cloud computing based on emerging openstack and other platforms. the course includes concepts of: baremetal provisioning neutron networking identity service image service orchestration infrastructure as a service software as a service platform as a service mapreduce big data analytics privacy and legal issues the course will also include example problems and solutions to cloud computing, including hands-on laboratory experiments (load balancing and web services, mapreduce, hive, storm, and mahout). case studies will be drawn from yahoo, google, twitter, facebook, data mining, analytics, and machine learning. this course last for 5 weeks and will cover the following topics: cloud computing distributed services cloud services web middleware mapreduce hadoop pig hdfs tez streaming advanced storm storm internals cap theorem & eventual consistency hbase cassandra hive spark graph processing machine learning the previous courses in the cloud computing specialization, cloud computing concepts and cloud computing concepts, part 2, are recommended. this course also assumes knowledge of basic networking, such as using sockets. "
mooc	course	v1-1001	cloud computing concepts	"learn core distributed computing concepts that underlie todays and tomorrows cloud computing systems. cloud computing systems today, whether open-source or used inside companies, are built using a common set of core techniques, algorithms, and design philosophiesall centered around distributed systems. learn about such fundamental distributed computing 'concepts' for cloud computing. some of these concepts include: clouds, mapreduce, key-value stores classical precursors widely-used algorithms classical algorithms scalability trending areas and more! understandhow these techniques workinside todays most widely-used cloud computing systems. get your hands dirty using these concepts with provided homework exercises. in theoptional programming track, implement some of these concepts in template assignments provided in c++ programming language. you will also watch interviews with leading managers and researchers, from both industry and academia. this course will be broken up into 5 weekly modules covering the following topics: week 1: orientation, intro to clouds, mapreduce week 2: gossip, membership, grids week 3: p2p systems week 4: key-value stores, time and ordering week 5: snapshots, multicast, paxos and there's more! there are 5 more weeks of topics in cloud computing concepts: part 2. this course assumes some basic knowledge of working computer systems. this course is generally oriented towards either graduate students (or senior undergraduates) or developers in industry who are working with cloud computing systems. some familiarity with cloud computing systems helps, but is not a prerequisite. in the optional programming track, familiarity with c++ programming language is required. this course does not teach you how to use cloud computing systems or about networking or big data. if we were to draw an analogy, if this course were about cars, then it would teach you the physics relating to the internals of the car (e.g., friction, transmission, gears, etc.) and basics about the internals of the car (e.g., about the carburetor, engine, etc.). the course would not, however, teach you how to drive a car or about automobile accident statistics or about how roads are built. take this course if youre curious about cloud computing systems. do not take this course if you know nothing about computers or computer science. course videos, slides, and homeworks serve as the primary class content. readings and links on the open web may also be used. no textbook is required."
mooc	course	v1-2505	cloud computing concepts: part 2	"learn core distributed computing concepts that underlie todays and tomorrows cloud computing systems. cloud computing systems today, whether open-source or used inside companies, are built using a common set of core techniques, algorithms, and design philosophiesall centered around distributed systems. learn about such fundamental distributed computing 'concepts' for cloud computing. some of these concepts include: clouds, mapreduce, key-value stores classical precursors widely-used algorithms classical algorithms scalability trending areas and more! understandhow these techniques workinside todays most widely-used cloud computing systems. get your hands dirty using these concepts with provided homework exercises. in theoptional programming track, implement some of these concepts in template assignments provided in c++ programming language. you will also watch interviews with leading managers and researchers, from both industry and academia. this course will be broken up into 5 weekly modules covering the following topics: week 1: leader election, mutual exclusion week 2: concurrency control, replication control week 3: stream processing, graph processing, structure of networks, scheduling week 4: distributed file systems, distributed shared memory, sensor networks week 5: security, datacenter outage studies, wrap-up you must complete the cloud computing course before taking this course. this course assumes some basic knowledge of working computer systems. this course is generally oriented towards either graduate students (or senior undergraduates) or developers in industry who are working with cloud computing systems. some familiarity with cloud computing systems helps, but is not a prerequisite. in the optional programming track, familiarity with c++ programming language is required. this course does not teach you how to use cloud computing systems or about networking or big data. if we were to draw an analogy, if this course were about cars, then it would teach you the physics relating to the internals of the car (e.g., friction, transmission, gears, etc.) and basics about the internals of the car (e.g., about the carburetor, engine, etc.). the course would not, however, teach you how to drive a car or about automobile accident statistics or about how roads are built. take this course if youre curious about cloud computing systems. do not take this course if you know nothing about computers or computer science. course videos, slides, and homeworks serve as the primary class content. readings and links on the open web may also be used. no textbook is required."
mooc	course	v1-2300	cluster analysis in data mining	"learn how to take scattered data and organize it into groups for use in many applications, such as market analysis and biomedical data analysis, or as a pre-processing step for many data mining tasks. discover the basic concepts of cluster analysis, and then study a set of typical clustering methodologies, algorithms, and applications. this includes partitioning methods such as k-means, hierarchical methods such as birch, density-based methods such as dbscan/optics, probabilistic models, and the em algorithm. learn clustering and methods for clustering high dimensional data, streaming data, graph data, and networked data. explore concepts and methods for constraint-based clustering and semi-supervised clustering. finally, see examples of cluster analysis in applications. this course will be covering the following topics: basic concept and introduction partitioning methods hierarchical methods density-based methods probabilistic models and em algorithm spectral clustering clustering high dimensional data clustering streaming data clustering graph data and network data constraint-based clustering and semi-supervised clustering application examples of cluster analysis for this course you need basic computing proficiency including some programming experience in a typical programming language, such as c++, java, or python, and basic knowledge of database concepts, artificial intelligence, and statistics. "
mooc	course	v1-3049	genomic data science and clustering (bioinformatics v)	"how do we infer which genes orchestrate various processes in the cell?  how did humans migrate out of africa and spread around the world? in this class, we will see that these two seemingly different questions can be addressed using similar algorithmic and machine learning techniques arising from the general problem of dividing data points into distinct clusters. one of the first organisms to be domesticated by humans was yeast. saccharomycesyeast is remarkable because it can not only convert the glucose in grapes into ethanol (which we then consume as wine), but it can also invert its own metabolism, consuming the ethanol it just produced in a process called the diauxic shift. to find genes implicated in the diauxic shift, we will learn aboutclustering algorithms that will divideyeast genes into distinct groups based on their patterns of regulatory behavior.a similar method can be applied to distinguish normal and tumor cells, an approach that led to diagnostic tests like mammaprint for predicting the return of cancer after chemotherapy. we can also apply clustering algorithms to identify the genetic foundation of human population structure and discover which populations have contributed to your own genome. to do so, we will need to power up clustering algorithms using a powerful computational approach calledprincipal component analysis. in the end of the course, a bioinformatics application challenge will let you apply real bioinformatics software to cluster a biological big data. how did yeast become a wine maker?(clustering algorithms) an evolutionary history of wine making identifying genes responsible for the diauxic shift introduction to clustering k-means clustering the lloyd algorithm clustering genes implicated in the diauxic shift limitations of k-means clustering from coin flipping to k-means clustering making soft decisions in coin flipping soft k-means clustering hierarchical clustering epilogue: clustering tumor samples what genetic characteristics do human populations share?(principal components analysis) specific content tbabioinformatics application challenge: clustering biological big data (rna-seq) 'deciphering molecular evolution' is the suggested prerequisite for taking this course, but it is not a strict prerequisite. if you are aiming at earning a standard certificate in this class, then you do not need to have any experience in biology or programming. the only prerequisite is the enthusiasm to learn about how computational approaches are used in modern biology :) if you are aiming at earning a certificate with distinction, then you should either know the basics of programming in the language of your choice (there is no required language for this course) or be willing to learn about programming before the course begins. in this case, in addition to the first three courses in this series, we have the following suggestions for resources that will help you learn programming. the language tracks oncodecademy, particularly the python track. an introduction to interactive programming with python, the acclaimed coursera course. introductory problems onrosalind, a resource for learning bioinformatics created by the course instructors. the printed course companion isbioinformatics algorithms: an active-learning approach(2nd edition), by compeau & pevzner."
mooc	course	v1-327	english composition i	"you will gain a foundation for college-level writing valuable for nearly any field. students will learn how to read carefully, write effective arguments, understand the writing process, engage with others' ideas, cite accurately, and craft powerful prose. we will create a workshop environment.  english composition i provides an introduction to and foundation for the academic reading and writing characteristic of college. attending explicitly to disciplinary context, you will learn to read critically, write effective arguments, understand the writing process, and craft powerful prose that meets readers expectations. you will gain writing expertise by exploring an area or topic in which you would like to gain expertise (a hobby, trade, profession, discipline, etc.). your major writing projects will be about your own selected topic and will be drafted and revised in sequenced stages: a visual analysis (600-800 words); a case study (1000-1250 words) and an op-ed (500-750 words). your writing will be central to the course as we create a seminar/workshop structure with peer response and selected instructor feedback. two overarching assumptions about academic writing will shape our work: 1) it is transferable; 2) it is learnable. being an effective academic writer involves asking meaningful questions and engaging in complex dialogue with texts and ideas. these skills are useful across virtually all academic disciplines and they provide a valuable means for making sense of non-academic experiences as well. perhaps even more important, though, is that learning how to write effectively does not require inspiration or genius, but hard work, reflection, and feedback. this means that, with practice, dedication, and working with others, you can be an effective academic writer and contribute your ideas to important, ongoing conversations. **english composition i has earned a certificate of recognition from quality matters, a non-profit dedicated to quality in online education.** foundational writing project: reading critically (weeks 1 - 2) how do we become experts? in the first week, you will prepare a brief foundational writing exercise designed to help you build central skills for the course. i will ask you to write a critical review of an article about expertise. specifically, we will focus on how to: read critically; summarize, question, analyze, and evaluate written text; engage with the work of others; understand the stages of the writing process; workshop writing; incorporate reader feedback; integrate quotes/evidence; cite the work of others. project one: visual analysis (weeks 2 - 5): what can we learn about your topic from a visual image? what arguments do visual images make? i will ask you to select a visual image related to a chosen area of inquiry/topic and then analyze that image in order to make an argument about your topic. specifically, we will continue to work on the writing elements we learned from the critical review, as well as build on them by focusing on how to: summarize, question, analyze, and evaluate visual texts; argue and support a position; use evidence; respond toward revision; achieve cohesion; develop paragraph unity; revise; and editproject two: case study (weeks 3 - 6) what questions or arguments can a case study reveal about your topic? i will ask you to research a particular person, event, entity, or conceptin your selected topic and, drawing on multiple resources, make an argument about your topic through that case study.we'll also be working together to collaboratively crowdsource a bibliography of potential resources.specifically, we will continue to work with the elements we learned from your critical review and project 1, as well as build on them by focusing on how to: conduct research; write an extended argument; examine disciplinary expectations; develop an intertextual conversation; understand popular sources and scholarly sources; craft effective titles; create effective introductions; and write strong conclusions.project three: op-ed (weeks 6 - 9) what do you think people need to know about your selected topic? in this third and final unit, we will turn to a more public form of writing as i ask you to write an op-ed (opposite the editorial page) about your selected topic for a publication of your choosing (you do not actually have to submit it to that publication). specifically, we will continue to work with the elements we learned in the previous projects, as well as build on them by focusing on how to: write for publics; write concisely; edit and proofread thoroughly; decide whether to use active or passive voice; and transfer writing skills to new writing contexts. students should have basic english proficiency and exposure to secondary-level (high-school level) english or composition students are encouraged to refer to the materials in the following open-source textbook for additional help with their writing: writing commons"
mooc	course	v1-2306	data mining capstone	"apply the learned algorithms and techniques for data mining from the previous courses in the data mining specialization to solve interesting real-world data mining challenges. this six-week long capstone course of the data mining specialization will allow you to apply the learned algorithms and techniques for data mining from the previous courses in the specialization, including pattern discovery, clustering, text retrieval, text mining, and visualization, to solve interesting real-world data mining challenges. specifically, you will work on a restaurant review data set from yelp and use all the knowledge and skills youve learned from the previous courses to mine this data set to discover interesting and useful knowledge. the design of the capstone emphasizes: 1) simulating the workflow of a data miner in a real job setting; 2) integrating different mining techniques covered in multiple individual courses; 3) experimenting with different ways to solve a problem to deepen your understanding of techniques; and 4) allowing you to propose and explore your own ideas creatively. the goal of the capstone project is to analyze and mine a large yelp review data set to discover useful knowledge to help people make decisions in dining. the project will include the following outputs: opinion visualization: explore and visualize the review content to understand what people have said in those reviews. cuisine map construction: mine the data set to understand the landscape of different types of cuisines and their similarities. discovery of popular dishes for a cuisine: mine the data set to discover the common/popular dishes of a particular cuisine. recommendation of restaurants to help people decide where to dine: mine the data set to rank restaurants for a specific dish and predict the hygiene condition of a restaurant. from the perspective of users, a cuisine map can help them understand what cuisines are there and see the big picture of all kinds of cuisines and their relations. once they decide what cuisine to try, they would be interested in knowing what the popular dishes of that cuisine are and decide what dishes to have. finally, they will need to choose a restaurant. thus, recommending restaurants based on a particular dish would be useful. moreover, predicting the hygiene condition of a restaurant would also be helpful. by working on these tasks, you will gain experience with a typical workflow in data mining that includes data preprocessing, data exploration, data analysis, improvement of analysis methods, and presentation of results. you will have an opportunity to combine multiple algorithms from different courses to complete a relatively complicated mining task and experiment with different ways to solve a problem to understand the best way to solve it. we will suggest specific approaches, but you are highly encouraged to explore your own ideas since open exploration is, by design, a goal of the capstone. you are required to submit a brief report for each of the tasks for peer grading. a final consolidated report is also required, which will be peer-graded, and the top 20 reports, as evaluated by peer review, will also be judged by an industry expert committee who will select 10 of the reports as the best capstone projects. the industry expert committee is composed of multiple relevant industry experts representing different companies. the capstone project will include several peer graded tasks and a final report.  "
mooc	course	v1-2302	data visualization	"learn how to transform information from a format efficient for computation into a format efficient for human perception, cognition, and communication. explore elements of computer graphics, human-computer interaction, perceptual psychology, and design in addition to data processing and computation. learn to present data to an observer in a way that yields insight and understanding. the first week focuses on the infrastructure for data visualization. it introduces elementary graphics programming, focusing primarily on two-dimensional vector graphics and the programming platforms for graphics. this infrastructure will also include lessons on the human side of visualization, studying human perception and cognition to gain a better understanding of the target of the data visualization. the second week will utilize the knowledge of graphics programming and human perception in the design and construction of visualizations, starting with simple charts and graphs and incorporating animation and user interactivity. the third week expands the data visualization vocabulary with more sophisticated methods, including hierarchical layouts and networks. the final week focuses on visualization of database and data mining processes, with methods specifically focused on visualization of unstructured information, such as text, and systems for visual analytics that provide decision support. this course will be broken up into 4 weekly modules covering the following topics: week 1: visualization infrastructure (graphics programming and human perception) week 2: basic visualization (charts, graphs, animation, interactivity) week 3: visualizing relationships (hierarchies, networks) week 4: visualizing information (text, databases) computing proficiency "
mooc	course	v1-3605	principles of fmri 2	"this course covers the analysis of functional magnetic resonance imaging (fmri) data. it is a continuation of the course principles of fmri, part 1 functional magnetic resonance imaging (fmri) is the most widely used technique for investigating the living, functioning human brain as people perform tasks and experience mental states. it is a convergence point for multidisciplinary work from many disciplines. psychologists, statisticians, physicists, computer scientists, neuroscientists, medical researchers, behavioral scientists, engineers, public health researchers, biologists, and others are coming together to advance our understanding of the human mind and brain. in this course we continue discussing fmri, including advanced experimental design, analysis, and inferences about brain and mind. we discuss both theoretical considerations and practical aspects of conducting fmri studies, with an emphasis on statistical analysis. the course is appropriate for scholars from all disciplines who want to learn more about fmri, and for researchers engaged in fmri studies.  psychological and behavioral inference advanced experimental design advanced glm modeling functional connectivity effective connectivity and directional models multi-voxel pattern analysis principles of fmri 1 the book principles of fmri by wager & lindquist is recommended"
mooc	course	v1-153	image and video processing: from mars to hollywood with a stop at the hospital	"in this class you will look behind the scenes of image and video processing, from the basic and classical tools to the most modern and advanced algorithms. what is image and video processing? images and videos are everywhere, from those we take with our mobile devices and share with our friends to those that we receive from mars and the ones we see in the movie theatre, without forgetting the whole ensemble of images of our bodies that are taken in hospital visits. image and video processing is the art of working with such images and movies, from making it possible to store and transmit them to making those dark and blurry images look nice, as well as interpreting and analyzing the medical data and recognizing our friends faces in social pictures. this discipline is also fascinating because it uses tools from many areas of applied mathematics. in this class you will look behind the scenes of image and video processing, from the basic and classical tools to the most modern and advanced algorithms. the course will start with an introduction to the basics of image formation and the fundamental concepts that translate a physical scene into a digital image. we will then describe the underlying concepts of image compression, the enabling technology that makes it possible for images to be sent from mars and videos to be stored in our mobile phones. we will cover the most fundamental tools in image enhancement, showing how simple tools can significantly improve images. both geometric and non-geometric tools as well as spatial and non-spatial operations will be presented. details on image segmentation will be provided, one of the most fundamental and useful problems in image processing. the above topics will be extended to color images and video. once we have covered the fundamentals, which both provide the basis for modern image and video processing and serve many important applications until today, we will move into recent progress in the area, covering image inpainting (how to remove objects from images and video), image processing via sparse modeling and compressed sensing, geometric partial differential equations for image analysis, image processing for hiv and virus research, and image processing for neurosurgery and other medical applications. week 1- introduction to image and video processing: we will cover the fundamentals, including some elements of visual perception, sensing, sampling, and quantization. week 2- image and video compression: we will learn the fundamental tools enabling us to receive images from mars, to upload images to the web, and to store a lot of images and videos in our mobile phones. week 3- spatial processing: this week we will learn some of the most classical and fundamental tools that help us still today to make noisy, blurry, and dark images look much better. week 4- image restoration: when something is known or estimated about the degradation process, we can do much better, and in this week we will learn how. week 5- image segmentation: how do we split an image or video in its core components? week 6- geometric pdes: we will learn about the use of partial differential equations and geometric deformations for problems like image enhancement and object detection. week 7- image and video inpainting: how to make objects disappear and other special effects. week 8- sparse modeling and compressed sensing: we will cover some of the most modern tools for image enhancement and image analysis. week 9- medical imaging: as an example of medical image analysis, we will illustrate examples and techniques in the areas of brain research and virus analysis. computer exercises- see below for more details on this. image and video analysis can be approached from numerous areas of mathematics, from linear algebra to geometry, optimization, and differential equations. we plan to make all the lectures as self-contained as possible, but basic background in linear algebra and digital signal processing will be helpful. the first 5 lectures will follow, in part, 'digital image processing, 3rd edition' bygonzalez and woods.the more advanced material will be based on material the instructor will make available. some interesting books for the advanced material include: michael elad, sparse and redundant representations: from theory to applications in signal and image processing, springer. guillermo sapiro, geometric partial differential equations in image analysis, cambridge university press. alex bronstein, michael bronstein, and ron kimmel, numerical geometry of non-rigid shapes, springer one of the first and still outstanding books in digital image processing is: azriel rosenfeld and avinash kak, digital picture processing, academic press."
mooc	course	v1-2822	introduction to programming with matlab	"this course teaches computer programming to those with little to no previous experience. it uses the programming system and language called matlab to do so because it is easy to learn, versatile and very useful for engineers and other professionals. matlab is a special-purpose language that is an excellent choice for writing moderate-size programs that solve problems involving the manipulation of numbers. the design of the language makes it possible to write a powerful program in a few lines. the problems may be relatively complex, while the matlab programs that solve them are relatively simple: relative, that is, to the equivalent program written in a general-purpose language, such as c++ or java. as a result, matlab is being used in a wide variety of domains from the natural sciences through all disciplines of engineering to finance and beyond, and it is heavily used in industry. hence, a solid background in matlab is an indispensable skill in todays job market. nevertheless, this course is not a matlab tutorial. it is an introductory programming course that happens to use matlab to illustrate general concepts in computer science and programming. students who successfully complete this course will: become familiar with general concepts in computer science gain an understanding of the general concepts of programming obtain a solid foundation in the use of matlab this is an introductory college-level course in computer science for engineering and science students. however, it is also suitable for high school students who are interested in programming. the material assumes no background in mathematics beyond the standard high school curriculum. students taking the course will get a matlab license free of charge for a three-month period. the course is divided into the following 8 weekly modules: week 1: introduction to matlab week 2: matrices and operators week 3: functions week 4: programmers toolbox week 5: selection week 6: loops week 7: data types week 8: file input/output facility with basic high school math or equivalent is recommended. although the lectures are designed to be self-contained, we recommend (but do not require) that students refer to the ebook, fitzpatrick and ledeczi, 'computer programming with matlab,'which was written specifically for this course."
mooc	course	v1-59	medical neuroscience	"explore the structure and function of the human central nervous system. learn why knowledge of human neuroanatomy, neurophysiology, neural plasticity, and new discovery in the brain sciences matters for clinical practice in the health professions. medical neuroscience explores the organization and physiology of the human central nervous system. this course is designed for first-year students in graduate-level health professions programs. it builds upon knowledge acquired in prior studies of cellular and molecular biology, general physiology, and human anatomy. the course provides students an understanding of the essential principles of neurological function, from cellular and molecular mechanisms of neural signaling and plasticity to the organization and function of sensory and motor systems. this course emphasizes the neural and vascular anatomy of the human brain and spinal cord, providing an anatomical framework for localizing lesions within the central nervous system. it also emphasizes the neurobiological foundation for understanding cognition, mental illness and disorders of human behavior. the overall goal is to equip students in the health professions for interpreting impairments of sensation, action and cognition that accompany neurological injury, disease or dysfunction. students currently pursuing advanced studies in the brain sciences will benefit from this course by learning the fundamentals of functional human neuroanatomy and how neuroscience discovery translates to clinical practice. health professionals will benefit from the opportunity to review and update knowledge of foundational medical neuroscience. this course comprises four units of content: unit 1 neuroanatomy. this unit covers the surface anatomy of the human brain, its internal structure, and the overall organization of sensory and motor systems in the brainstem and spinal cord. unit 2 neural signaling. this unit addresses the fundamental mechanisms of neuronal excitability, signal generation and propagation, synaptic transmission, post synaptic mechanisms of signal integration, and neural plasticity. unit 3 sensory systems. here, you will learn the overall organization and function of the sensory systems that contribute to our sense of self relative to the world around us: somatic sensory systems,proprioception,vision, audition, and balance senses. unit 4 motor systems. in this unit, we will examine the organization and function of the brain and spinal mechanisms that govern bodily movement. unit 5 brain development. next, we turn our attention to the neurobiological mechanisms for building the nervous system in embryonic development and in early postnatal life; we will also consider how the brain changes across the lifespan. unit 6 cognition. the course concludes with a survey of the association systems of the cerebral hemispheres, with an emphasis on cortical networks that integrate perception, memory and emotion in organizing behavior and planning for the future; we will also consider brain systems for maintaining homeostasis and regulating brain state. to be successful in this course, a college-level background in cellular and molecular biology and general knowledge of systems physiology and human anatomy is strongly recommended. although the course is designed to be self-contained for students with the recommended background, students wanting to expand their knowledge and reinforce their understanding are strongly encouraged to complete all recommended readings. the primary reference text for this course is neuroscience, 5th ed., by purves et al. (sinauer assoc., inc.). this text is bundled with neuroanatomical software, sylvius 4 online: an interactive atlas and visual glossary of human neuroanatomy, (also available as a standalone subscription)."
mooc	course	v1-394	social and economic networks:  models and analysis	"learn how to model social and economic networks and their impact on human behavior.  how do networks form, why do they exhibit certain patterns, and how does their structure impact diffusion, learning, and other behaviors?   we will bring together models and techniques from economics, sociology, math, physics, statistics and computer science to answer these questions.   social networks pervade our social and economic lives.  they play a central role in the transmission of information about job opportunities and are critical to the trade of many goods and services. they are important in determining which products we buy, which languages we speak, how we vote, as well as whether or not we decide to become criminals, how much education we obtain, and our likelihood of succeeding professionally.  the countless ways in which network structures affect our well-being make it critical to understand how social network structures impact behavior, which network structures are likely to emerge in a society, and why we organize ourselves as we do. this course provides an overview and synthesis of research on social and economic networks, drawing on studies by sociologists, economists, computer scientists, physicists, and mathematicians. the course begins with some empirical background onsocial and economic networks, and an overview of concepts used todescribe and measure networks.  next, we will cover a set ofmodels of how networks form, including random network models as well asstrategic formation models, and some hybrids.  we will then discuss a series ofmodels of how networks impact behavior, including contagion, diffusion, learning, and peer influences. week 1:introduction, empirical background and definitions examples of social networks and their impact, definitions, measures and properties: degrees, diameters, small worlds, weak and strong ties, degree distributions week 2: background, definitions, and measurescontinuedhomophily, dynamics, centrality measures: degree, betweenness, closeness, eigenvector, and katz-bonacich.erdos and renyi random networks:thresholds and phase transitions, week 3:random networks poisson random networks, exponential random graph models,  growing random networks, preferential attachment and power laws, hybrid models of network formation week 4:  strategic network formation game theoretic modeling of network formation, the connections model, the conflict between incentives and efficiency, dynamics, directed networks, hybrid models of choice and chance week 5:diffusion on networks.empirical background, the bass model,random network models of contagion, the sis model, fitting a simulated model to data week 6:learning on networks.bayesian learning on networks, the degroot model oflearning on a network, convergence of beliefs, the wisdom of crowds, how influence depends on network position. week 7:games on networks. network games, peer influences: strategiccomplements and substitutes, the relation between network structure and behavior, a linear quadratic game,repeated interactions and network structures. the course has some basic prerequisites in mathematics and statistics. for example, it will be assumed that students are comfortable with basic concepts from linear algebra (e.g., matrix multiplication), probability theory (e.g., probability distributions, expected values, bayes' rule), and statistics (e.g., hypothesis testing), and some light calculus (e.g., differentiation and integration). beyond those concepts, the course will be self-contained. the course is self-contained, so that all the definitions and concepts you need to solve the problem sets and final are contained in the video lectures. much of the material for the course is covered in a text: matthew o. jackson social and economic networks, princeton university press (here are princeton university press and amazon pages for the book). the text isoptional and not required for the course. additional background readings, including research articles and several surveys on some of the topics covered in the course can be found on my web page."
mooc	course	v1-2298	pattern discovery in data mining	"learn the basic concepts of data mining and dive deep into pattern discovery methods and their applications. learn the general concepts of data mining along with basic methodologies and applications. then dive into one subfield in data mining: pattern discovery. learn in-depth concepts, methods, and applications of pattern discovery in data mining. we will also introduce methods for pattern-based classification and some interesting applications of pattern discovery. this course provides you the opportunity to learn skills and content to practice and engage in scalable pattern discovery methods on massive transactional data, discuss pattern evaluation measures, and study methods for mining diverse kinds of patterns, sequential patterns, and sub-graph patterns. this course will be covering the following topics: introduction to data mining concepts and challenges in pattern discovery and analysis scalable pattern discovery algorithms pattern evaluation mining flexible patterns in multi-dimensional space mining sequential patterns mining graph patterns pattern-based classification application examples of pattern discovery for this course you need basic computing proficiency including some programming experience in a typical programming language, such as c++, java, or python, knowledge of basic concepts ofdatabases, artificial intelligence, and statistics. "
mooc	course	v1-2163	"the land ethic reclaimed: perceptive hunting, aldo leopold, and conservation"	"the rich history of wildlife management and recreational hunting plays an important role in the evolving face of conservation. this course will explore the ethics, science, and democracy of conservation, hunting, and the land ethic in north america. a thing is right when it tends to preserve the integrity, stability, and beauty of the biotic community. it is wrong when it tends otherwise. aldo leopold a sand county almanac,1949 hunting has been a core conservation management tool in the united states since its founding. indeed, 'perceptive hunters' believe hunting should contribute to conservation rather than hinder it.as conservation science has improved, so have callsfor understanding the role of game species in ecosystems, as well as in regional politics and economics. deer, pheasant and elk are cultural icons because of their value to hunters, and are also a source of persistent controversy because of their role in complex ecological and economic systems. aldo leopold, author of a sand county almanac, accepted a chair in game management at the university of wisconsin and published a textbook in 1933 marking the emergence of wildlife conservation as a professional discipline. the scientific and ethical foundations laid down by leopold fostered the emergence of a unique model for wildlife conservation in north america. this course will provide students with an understanding of the historical legacy of wildlife management and recreational hunting as a part of conservation, the role of wildlife in ecosystems, the importance of ethics in guiding management decisions and hunter choices, and the politics and economics of controversies surrounding game and non-game management, hunting, and conservation.we will also look at the emerging face of hunting today, and contemporary models of conservation.the content draws on the expertise and experience of scholars, researchers, managers, and citizens in the overlapping spheres of applied ecology, policy, environmental and natural resource management.  all learners and 'perceptive hunters' are encouraged and welcome to participate, whether they are active hunters, hunting-curious, locavores, or simply nature enthusiasts. we especially invite all who pursue participation in the wild ecology of one's place, who want to explore the american conservation model and aldo leopolds land ethic. leopold, a. 1949. a sand county almanac: and sketches here and there. new york (ny): oxford university press. there is a preview of the book from google scholar available online. leopold, a. 1999. for the health of the land: previously unpublished essays and other writings. j. callicott & e. freyfogle, eds. washington (dc): island press. there is a preview of the book from google scholar available online. these books are only recommended. you do not need to purchase these books in order to fully participate in this course."
mooc	course	v1-1567	process mining: data science in action	"process mining is the missing link between model-based process analysis and data-oriented analysis techniques. through concrete data sets and easy to use software the course provides data science knowledge that can be applied directly to analyze and improve processes in a variety of domains. data science is the profession of the future, because organizations that are unable to use (big) data in a smart way will not survive. it is not sufficient to focus on data storage and data analysis. the data scientist also needs to relate data to process analysis. process mining bridges the gap between traditional model-based process analysis (e.g., simulation and other business process management techniques) and data-centric analysis techniques such as machine learning and data mining. process mining seeks the confrontation between event data (i.e., observed behavior) and process models (hand-made or discovered automatically). this technology has become available only recently, but it can be applied to any type of operational processes (organizations and systems). example applications include: analyzing treatment processes in hospitals, improving customer service processes in a multinational, understanding the browsing behavior of customers using a booking site, analyzing failures of a baggage handling system, and improving the user interface of an x-ray machine. all of these applications have in common that dynamic behavior needs to be related to process models. hence, we refer to this as 'data science in action'. the course explains the key analysis techniques in process mining. participants will learn various process discovery algorithms. these can be used to automatically learn process models from raw event data. various other process analysis techniques that use event data will be presented. moreover, the course will provide easy-to-use software, real-life data sets, and practical skills to directly apply the theory in a variety of application domains. this course starts with an overview of approaches and technologies that use event data to support decision making and business process (re)design. then the course focuses on process mining as a bridge between data mining and business process modeling. the course is at an introductory level with various practical assignments. the course covers the three main types of process mining. the first type of process mining is discovery. a discovery technique takes an event log and produces a process model without using any a-priori information. an example is the alpha-algorithm that takes an event log and produces a process model (a petri net) explaining the behavior recorded in the log. the second type of process mining is conformance. here, an existing process model is compared with an event log of the same process. conformance checking can be used to check if reality, as recorded in the log, conforms to the model and vice versa. the third type of process mining is enhancement. here, the idea is to extend or improve an existing process model using information about the actual process recorded in some event log. whereas conformance checking measures the alignment between model and reality, this third type of process mining aims at changing or extending the a-priori model. an example is the extension of a process model with performance information, e.g., showing bottlenecks. process mining techniques can be used in an offline, but also online setting. the latter is known as operational support. an example is the detection of non-conformance at the moment the deviation actually takes place. another example is time prediction for running cases, i.e., given a partially executed case the remaining processing time is estimated based on historic information of similar cases. process mining provides not only a bridge between data mining and business process management; it also helps to address the classical divide between 'business' and 'it'. evidence-based business process management based on process mining helps to create a common ground for business process improvement and information systems development. the course uses many examples using real-life event logs to illustrate the concepts and algorithms. after taking this course, one is able to run process mining projects and have a good understanding of the business process intelligence field. after taking this course you should: - have a good understanding of business process intelligence techniques (in particular process mining), - understand the role of big data in todays society, - be able to relate process mining techniques to other analysis techniques such as simulation, business intelligence, data mining, machine learning, and verification, - be able to apply basic process discovery techniques to learn a process model from an event log (both manually and using tools), - be able to apply basic conformance checking techniques to compare event logs and process models (both manually and using tools), - be able to extend a process model with information extracted from the event log (e.g., show bottlenecks), - have a good understanding of the data needed to start a process mining project, - be able to characterize the questions that can be answered based on such event data, - explain how process mining can also be used for operational support (prediction and recommendation), and - be able to conduct process mining projects in a structured manner. a basic understanding of logic, sets, and statistics (at the undergraduate level) is assumed. basic computer skills are required to use the software provided with the course (but no programming experience is needed). participants are also expected to have an interest in process modeling and data mining but no specific prior knowledge is assumed as these concepts are introduced in the course. no required texts. although the lectures are designed to be self-contained, we recommend (but do not require) that students use the book 'process mining: discovery, conformance and enhancement of business processes by w.m.p. van der aalst, springer verlag, 2011 (isbn 978-3-642-19344-6)', which is closely aligned with this course. one can read the process mining manifesto or visit the web site http://www.processmining.org/ to see more background material."
mooc	course	v1-1590	"reasoning, data analysis, & writing final project"	"in this final project course, students will take a position on a controversial topic, research the topic, and present arguments based on data analysis in the form of a 1,500-2,000 word essay.  this course invites students to synthesize their learning from the three courses in the specialization into one final project on a topic of their own choice.each student will choose a controversial topic and write anessay (1,500 - 2,000 words) in which they use their analysis ofdata to argue for their own position about that topic. this written argument will analyze data and draw statistical inferences, as well as engage with other evidence in the form of visual and/or written texts. students will be asked to develop their project in stages, working from concept to data analysis to argument draft to final project, and will give and receive multiple rounds of peer review to hone their product. the final project course will run three times throughout the year. prior to course start date: complete a short pre-writing assignment, which will be emailed to registrants. week 1: draft 2-3 potential topics, responding to 4 questions per topic. week 2: give and receive feedback on topic proposals; finalize topic selection. week 3: data analysis week 4: feedback on data analysis and data visualization week 5: draft the premises (flesh out your arguments) week 6: give and receive feedback, crafting a rough draft week 7: draft the final paper, including the visualization and your conclusion. week 8: provide feedback on others work, receive feedback on your work.also, complete a reflection explaining how you adjusted your work throughout this process, based on feedback you received.  "
mooc	course	v1-3527	engineering self-reflection for human completion	"through self-reflection, you learn the principle and methodology to find the causes that prevent you from living freely. when you practice the methodology, you can eliminate the causes and navigate your life completely, with your free will. this course is designed for anyone who is interested in learning and practicing self-reflection. have you ever seriously reflected on yourself? it is difficult to do because you spend your busy life every day with so much to do. therefore, you are always looking forward, looking ahead. it is not easy to stop and take time to reflect on yourself. research shows that if you reflect on yourself through meditation or writing a diary, you can work more efficiently and become a successful leader. in this lecture, i will introduce a practical methodology of self-reflection meditation. it is also a sustainable methodology you can practice in ordinary life. you will check your path in life, and you can understand yourself better in social relationships. you can concentrate on the purpose of your life through self-reflection. examples from nature and air vehicles are also used as corollaries to demonstrate how to live a fulfilling life. after reflecting on yourself according to this methodology, you will know clearly your character, your pattern of response, past trauma and your current problems. if you eliminate the negative mind of the causes of the problem, your inner positive strength will be revealed. and more, you will also learn the methodology to live a free and complete life. it is highly recommended for students with engineering and science backgrounds to enroll in such a humanities course to achieve a balanced education and life. human completion is to exceed your boundaries and live with your neighbors in the world in happiness and harmony. this is a totally new methodology. week 1: necessity of self-reflection self- reflection is the methodology of meditation for growth, happiness and human completion -  why do we need self-reflection? -  academic research on self-reflection -  draw my life graph -  ultimate purpose of self-reflection week 2: principle and practice of self-reflection learn the principle of self-reflection and practice the selfreflection through 5 subjects -  methodology of self-reflection -  practice of self-reflection through 5 essential subjects (barrier in relationships, inferiority and ego in childhood, emotion of love and hatred since childhood, worries, response to problems ) -  my past life and my current self week 3: copied world and real world recognize the copied world and real world and think of living free from the self. -  principle of mind formation -  human recognition observed by philosophers and neuroscientists -  understanding the reasons why we cannot live with free will -  human mind and original mind week 4: methodology of mind subtraction changes myself learn and practice the methodology of mind subtraction -  do you want to change yourself? -  methodology of mind subtraction -  repetition of the self-reflection of 5 essential subjects -  real potential and positive mind week 5: self-reflection and mind subtraction in ordinary life. learn and practice the methodology of self-reflection and subtraction the mind in everyday life. -  stress is the impetus for growth -  case study on overcoming the self -  health-mind relationship and brain wave changes -  meaning of self-reflection and mind subtraction in life. week 6: starting point of new life, life with wisdom and peaceful world lets start the peaceful life with wisdom -  draw your life graph again -  people at school and the office practicing self-reflection continuously -  meaning of self-reflection in social aspects (through reflections on communication and relationships) -  starting point of peaceful life with wisdom no background is required; all are welcome! the lectures are designed to be self-contained. but we recommend that students refer to following materials: book (bruce hood.the self illusion: how the social brain creates identity), short video (my stroke of insight:ted talks by jill bolte taylor) and movies (the king's speech,2010; the matrix, 1999) and a blog for meditation tips.additional readings and/or materials will be informed on the course page."
mooc	course	v1-690	data analysis and statistical inference 	"this course introduces you to the discipline of statistics as a science of understanding and analyzing data. you will learn how to effectively make use of data in the face of uncertainty: how to collect data, how to analyze data, and how to use data to make inferences and conclusions about real world phenomena. the goals of this course are as follows: recognize the importance of data collection, identify limitations in data collection methods, and determine how they affect the scope of inference. use statistical software (r) to summarize data numerically and visually, and to perform data analysis. have a conceptual understanding of the unified nature of statistical inference. apply estimation and testing methods (confidence intervals and hypothesis tests) to analyze single variables and the relationship between two variables in order to understand natural phenomena and make data-based decisions. model and investigate relationships between two or more variables within a regression framework. interpret results correctly, effectively, and in context without relying on statistical jargon. critique data-based claims and evaluate data-based decisions. complete a research project that employs simple statistical inference and modeling techniques. week 1: unit 1 - introduction to data part 1  designing studies part 2  exploratory data analysis part 3  introduction to inference via simulationweek 2: unit 2 - probability and distributions part 1  defining probability part 2  conditional probability part 3  normal distribution part 4  binomial distributionweek 3: unit 3 - foundations for inference part 1  variability in estimates and the central limit theorem part 2  confidence intervals part 3  hypothesis testsweek 4: finish up unit 3 + midterm part 4  inference for other estimators part 5 - decision errors, significance, and confidenceweek 5: unit 4 - inference for numerical variables part 1  t-inference part 2  power part 3  comparing three or more means (anova) part 4  simulation based inference for meansweek 6: unit 5 - inference for categorical variables part 1  single proportion part 2  comparing two proportions part 3  inference for proportions via simulation part 4  comparing three or more proportions (chi-square)week 7: unit 6 - introduction to linear regression part 1  relationship between two numerical variables part 2  linear regression with a single predictor part 3outliers in linear regression part 4  inference for linear regressionweek 8: unit 7 - multiple linear regression part 1  regression with multiple predictors part 2inference for multiple linear regression part 3  model selection part 4model diagnosticsweek 9: review / catch-up week bayesian vs. frequentist inferenceweek 10: final exam basic math, no programming experience required. a genuine interest in data analysis is a plus! lectures are designed to be self-contained, but we recommend that students refer to the bookopenintro statistics (third edition). the course will closely follow this book, and hence the text can serve as supplementary material to the videos. in addition, practice problems will be assigned from the book. the book is open-source and freely available online atopenintro.orgor at leanpub."
mooc	course	v1-1977	an introduction to evidence-based undergraduate stem teaching	"this eight-week course explores effective teaching strategies for college or university stem (science, technology, engineering, mathematics) classrooms  this course will provide graduate students and post-doctoral fellows in the stem disciplines (science, technology, engineering, and mathematics) who are planning college and university faculty careers with an introduction to evidence-based teaching practices. participants will learn about effective teaching strategies and the research that supports them, and they will apply what they learn to the design of lessons and assignments they can use in future teaching opportunities. those who complete the course will be more informed and confident teachers, equipped for greater success in the undergraduate classroom.  the course will draw on the expertise of experienced stem faculty, educational researchers, and staff from university teaching centers, many of them affiliated with the center for the integration of research, teaching, and learning (cirtl), a network of 21 research universities collaborating in the preparation of stem graduate students and post-docs as future faculty members. the eight-week course will be highly interactive, with many opportunities for peer-to-peer learning. learning communities are at the heart of cirtls activities, and this open, online course is intended to foster a large, healthy learning community of those interested in undergraduate stem teaching--including current stem faculty. 'an introduction to evidence-based undergraduate stem teaching' has been developed by faculty, staff, and students at vanderbilt university, michigan state university, boston university, the university of wisconsin-madison, and the university of colorado-boulder.the course is based on work supported by the national science foundation under grant no. 1347605. week 1  principles of learning, part 1 we start by exploring a few key learning principles that apply in all teaching contexts such as students prior knowledge, mental models and knowledge organization. well consider the research supporting these principles and examples of how stem faculty put them into practice. week 2  principles of learning, part 2 this week we continue our exploration oflearning principles that apply in all teaching contexts. these include, effective ways of providing feedback to students and student motivations for learning. well consider the research supporting these principles and examples of how stem faculty put them into practice. week 3  learning objectives designing an effective learning experience for students means beginning with the end in mind. in this week, we will identify ways to craft meaningful learning objectives for ones students and discuss strategiesfor incorporating those objectives in your instruction. week 4  assessment of learning once we have outlined and implemented our learning objectives we must consider the most effective way of assessing those learning objectives. this week we will discuss strategies for designing assessments that will align with your learning goals as well as how student mindset can influence their performance on these assessments. week 5  active learning the module begins with a description of the benefits of active learning and how it fits into the overall learning cycle. then, the module outlines two key features of active learning, teamwork and critical thinking, by showcasing several manifestations of active learning. week 6  inclusive teaching this week we will discuss the importance of inclusive teaching and many of the issues instructors can face when teaching classes composed of students of varying ethnicities and genders. we provide you with examples of teaching practices and language that can isolate certain student populations along with strategies to avoid these practices. week 7  lesson planning this week you will create an annotated lesson plan for a class you might teach in the future incorporating many of the principles covered in this course. week 8  conclusion during the final week of the course, you'll provide feedback to your peers on their draft lesson plans and, in turn, receive feedback on your lesson plan. the course is intended for graduate students and post-docs in the stem disciplines (science, technology, engineering, and mathematics) planning faculty careers who are interested in developing their teaching skills. we expect that current stem faculty, particularly early-career faculty, will find the course useful, as well. others interested in undergraduate stem teaching are welcome to participate. "
mooc	course	v1-2301	text mining and analytics	"explore algorithms for mining and analyzing big text data to discover interesting patterns, extract useful knowledge, and support decision making. this course will cover the major techniques for mining and analyzing text data to discover interesting patterns, extract useful knowledge, and support decision making, with an emphasis on statistical approaches that can be generally applied to arbitrary text data in any natural language with no or minimum human effort. detailed analysis of text data requires understanding of natural language text, which is known to be a difficult task for computers. however, a number of statistical approaches have been shown to work well for the 'shallow' but robust analysis of text data for pattern finding and knowledge discovery. you will learn the basic concepts, principles, and major algorithms in text mining and their potential applications. this course will be covering the following topics: overview of text mining and analytics natural language processing and text representation word association mining topic mining and analysis with statistical topic models text clustering and categorization opinion mining and sentiment analysis integrative analysis of text and structured data proficiency in programming, especially with c++. basic knowledge of probability and statistics. "
mooc	course	v1-2299	text retrieval and search engines	"search engines are essential tools for managing and mining big text data. learn how search engines work, the major search algorithms, and how to optimize search accuracy.  recent years have seen a dramatic growth of natural language text data, including web pages, news articles, scientific literature, emails, enterprise documents, and social media such as blog articles, forum posts, product reviews, and tweets. text data are unique in that they are usually generated directly by humans rather than a computer system or sensors, and are thus especially valuable for discovering knowledge about peoples opinions and preferences, in addition to many other kinds of knowledge that we encode in text. this course will cover search engine technologies, which play an important role in any data mining applications involving text data for two reasons. first, while the raw data may be large for any particular problem, it is often a relatively small subset of the data that are relevant, and a search engine is an essential tool for quickly discovering a small subset of relevant text data in a large text collection. second, search engines are needed to help analysts interpret any patterns discovered in the data by allowing them to examine the relevant original text data to make sense of any discovered pattern. you will learn the basic concepts, principles, and the major techniques in text retrieval, which is the underlying science of search engines. this course will be covering the following topics: introduction to text data mining basic concepts in text retrieval information retrieval models implementation of a search engine evaluation of search engines advanced search engine technologies basic knowledge of data structures and proficiency in programming with either c++ or java is recommended. basic knowledge of probability and statistics is helpful, but not required. "
mooc	course	v1-58	think again: how to reason and argue	"reasoning is important. this course will teach you how to do it well. you will learn how to understand and assess arguments by other people and how to construct good arguments of your own about whatever matters to you. reasoning is important. this course will teach you how to do it well. you will learn some simple but vital rules to follow in thinking about any topic at all and some common and tempting mistakes to avoid in reasoning. we will discuss how to identify, analyze, and evaluate arguments by other people (including politicians, used car salesmen, and teachers) and how to construct arguments of your own in order to help you decide what to believe or what to do. these skills will be useful in dealing with whatever matters most to you. part i: how to analyze arguments week 1: how to spot an argument week 2: how to untangle an argument week 3: how to reconstruct an argument quiz #1: at the end of week 3, students will take their first quiz. part ii: how to evaluate deductive arguments week 4: propositional logic and truth tables week 5: categorical logic and syllogisms week 6: representing information quiz #2: at the end of week 6, students will take their second quiz. part iii: how to evaluate inductive arguments week 7: inductive arguments week 8: causal reasoning week 9: chance and choice quiz #3: at the end of week 9, students will take their third quiz. part iv: how to mess up arguments week 10: fallacies of unclarity week 11: fallacies of relevance and of vacuity week 12: refutation quiz #4: at the end of week 12, students will take their fourth quiz. this material is appropriate for introductory college students or advanced high school studentsor, indeed, anyone who is interested. no special background is required other than knowledge of english. students who want more detailed explanations or additional exercises or who want to explore these topics in more depth should consult understanding arguments: an introduction to informal logic. "
mooc	course	v1-884	understanding terrorism and the terrorist threat	"this course will explore questions relating to the who, what and how of terrorism studies, by introducing students to cutting-edge research and the experts investigating these topics.  the national consortium for the study of terrorism and responses to terrorism (start), a department of homeland security center of excellence housed at the university of maryland, offers a course looking at the who, what and how of terrorism studies, by introducing students to cutting-edge research from the social and behavioral sciences and the experts investigating these topics. the course will begin with a unit looking at widely held myths about terrorism and utilizing empirical data to discuss the realities of broad trends and patterns in terrorist attacks over time. the course will then review the psychological factors at play in individual radicalization and recruitment into terrorism, followed by an analysis of terrorist group dynamics. the course will next look at terrorist group operations, including their attacks and some of the supporting behaviors that allow them to carry out attacks, including use of media, financing, recruitment, and training. the course will conclude by looking at the factors that drive terrorist group persistence or endurance versus terrorist group desistance, and will bring the varied course concepts together through a detailed look at the case of al-qaida. throughout the course, students will have the opportunity to study and work with the university of marylands global terrorism database (gtd), the largest database of terrorist incidents in the world, learning its capabilities and developing basic skills in searching and displaying terrorism data. module 1: how do we study terrorism? module 2:individual radicalization module 3: terroristgroup dynamics module 4:terroristoperations module 5: putting it all together: al-qa'ida case study no background knowledge is required. this course is appropriate for both beginner and more advanced learners, as individuals who are more versed in the study of terrorism can choose to augment the course with additional readings, lectures, and discussions. "
mooc	course	v1-1349	university teaching 101	"higher education professionals, new phd graduates, newly hired university educators and research scientists, and others interested in enhancing their teaching techniques in a university setting will acquire in this six-week course the foundational knowledge of the science of teaching and learning and develop skills and strategies for teaching at the university level.  enrollment options those interested in participating in thiscourse have two options: free enrollment:click sign up to enroll in course for free and earn a statement of accomplishment upon completion. signature track enrollment:click signature track and follow the enrollment steps. you will be required to pay a $49 non-refundable fee. upon course completion you will receive a verified certificate, which employers can search.whats this? about the course not too long ago, it was believed that anyone who graduated from a doctoral program was capable of teaching. in recent years, however, it has become apparent that teaching is not an intuitive behavior. in addition to content, teaching also involves a complex intellectual process, and to develop the art of teaching, professors require guidance and support. as the roles and responsibilities of university-level educators have evolved and expanded in recent years, the preparation of emerging universityfaculty leaders must focus on the development of the knowledge, skills, and strategies for teaching and learning in higher education. this short course is designed to introduce the strategies and exemplars of university teaching skills necessary to meet these new professional demands for teaching at a university level.  week 1: the science of teaching and learning exploration of the science of teaching and learning, the role of neuroscience in teaching and learning, how to respond to learner differences, and technology and support for next generation learning. teaching with the science of learning neuro-education: the role of neuroscience in teaching and learning understanding learners and responding to their differences technology and support for next generation learning the science of learning at work in practiceweek 2: principles of best practices in education examination of evidence-based teaching as well as strategies and approaches for integrating the principles of best practices. discussion of the application of the principles of best practices and how they are used in action in the classroom. evidence-based teaching strategies and approaches to integrate the principles of best practice application of principles of best practice in developing your course principles of best practice in actionweek 3: knowing your audience overview of how to 'know your audience,' including examination of needs assessment, motivation of learners, learners' readiness to learn, and learning styles. learning needs assessment motivation of learners readiness to learn learning stylesweek 4: developing an effective instructional plan exploration of how to develop an effective instructional plan, including examination of how to write and craft goals, objectives, and course descriptions, as well as a learner-centered syllabus. needs assessment and goals and objectives course description and objectives defining your teaching methods and content to be learned constructing your learner-centered course syllabusweek 5: planning and facilitating for effective small group learning examination of rationale and benefits of small group learning as well as how to plan for effective small group learning. exploration of how to facilitate small group learning and review of common challenges that occur when facilitating small groups. small group learning planning for effective small group learning facilitation strategies for effective small group learning small group learning: common challenges in facilitating small groups and strategies to address themweek 6: online teaching and learning overview of online teaching and learning, including the design of online courses and multimedia in online courses, course development using the addie model, online course quality and why it matters, as well as accessibility considerations. the power of online learning online course design - structure and content online course design - communication & engagement online course design - assessment & evaluation multimedia in online courses the addie model why quality matters online accessibility in online learning  "
mooc	course	v1-426	video games and learning	"video games arent just fun, they can be powerful vehicles for learning as well. in this course, we discuss research on the kinds of thinking and learning that go into video games and gaming culture, benefits and drawbacks of digital gameplay, tensions between youth culture and traditional education, and new developments intended to bridge that growing divide. video games are one of the fastest trending topics in media, education, and technology. research across fields as disparate as science, literacy, history, visual processing, curriculum, and computer science suggests that video games arent just fun  they can actually be good for your mind as well. in this course, we will discuss current research on the kinds of thinking and learning that go into video games and gaming culture. well investigate the intellectual side of digital gameplay, covering topics that range from perception and attention in left 4 dead 2 to the development of historical understanding in civilization to collaborative learning in massively multiplayer online games like world of warcraft. throughout the course, we examine the inherent tensions between contemporary youth culture and traditional education and new developments in games for learning that promise to help bridge that growing divide. if you do have questions about the course itself, please direct your inquiries to vglcoursera@gmail.com. data from this course is being used for quality assurance and for educational research purposes. all data from minors will be excluded from use in educational research purposes. see courseras terms of use for a description of the data captured from course activity. please contactoutreach@learninggamesnetwork.orgwith any questions or concerns. if you do not wish to have your data from this course used for educational research purposes, you may dis-enroll from this course. week one  introduction: games and learning?! week two  game design for learning? week three  game culture & learning week four  games & cognition week five  games & content subject matter week six  games & the institution of education though the course targets an undergraduate audience, there is no prerequisite for completing the course. squire, k. (2011).video games and learning: teaching and participatory culture in the digital age. technology, education--connections (the tec series). teachers college press. 1234 amsterdam avenue, new york, ny 10027. steinkuehler, c., squire, k. & barab, s. (2012) games, learning and society: learning and meaning in the digital age. cambridge university press. gee, j.p. (2004). situated language & learning: a critique on traditional schooling. routledge. gee, j.p. (2007). what video games have to teach us about learning and literacy. second edition: revised and updated. new york: palgrave macmillan."
mooc	course	v1-1657	visual perception and the brain	"the course will consider how what we see is generated by the visual system, and what visual perception indicates about how the brain works.  the evidence will be drawn from neuroscience, psychology, science history and philosophy. although the discussions will be informed by visual system anatomy and physiology, the focus is on perception.  the purpose of the course is to consider how what we see is generated by the visual system. in the 1960s and for the following few decades, it seemed all but certain that the rapidly growing body of information about the electrophysiological and anatomical properties of neurons in the primary visual pathway of experimental animals would reveal how the brain uses retinal stimuli to generate perceptions and appropriate visually guided behaviors. but despite the passage of more than fifty years, this expectation has not been met. in retrospect, the missing piece is understanding how stimuli that cannot specify the properties of physical sources can nevertheless give rise to perceptions and behaviors that are routinely successful. most concepts of vision propose, explicitly or implicitly, that successful visual behavior depends on recovering the sources of stimulus features either directly or by a process of statistical inference. however, given the inability of the visual system to access the physical properties of the world, these conceptual frameworks cannot account for the behavioral success of biological vision. the alternative is that the visual system automatically links simple, recurrent stimulus patterns with reproductive success, without ever recovering real world properties. this strategy provides a different way of studying the relationship between the objective world and subjective experience, and offers a way of understanding the operating principles of visual circuitry without invoking feature detection, image representation in the brain, and/or probabilistic inference. thus the objectives of the course are: - to introduce you to some fascinating perceptual phenomenology - to make you think about how this phenomenology can be explained - to make you consider what possible explanations imply about brain function introduction module #1: the phenomenology of what we see 1.1 introduction 1.2 the strange way we see things 1.3 why we don't see the world the way it really is: the inverse problem module #2: organization of the visual system 2.1 visual stimuli 2.2 organization of the visual system: eye and retina 2.3 organization of the visual system: the primary visual pathway module #3: conceptions of how vision works 3.1 introduction 3.2 vision as feature detection 3.3 vision as inference 3.4 vision as efficient coding 3.5 vision as a way of contending with the inverse problem module #4: seeing lightness and brightness 4.1 introduction 4.2 the discrepancies between luminance and lightness 4.3 some more complex examples 4.4 an empirical explanation based on reproductive success module #5: seeing color 5.1 introduction 5.2 more about the nature of light 5.3 a review of some relevant retinal biology 5.4 why we have color vision 5.5 the strange way we see color: color contrast and color constancy module #6: seeing geometry 6.1 the phenomenology of perceived geometry 6.2 line length: an example of how perceived geometry can be explained 6.3 the perception of angles 6.4 the perception of object size module #7: seeing distance and depth 7.1 introduction 7.2 monocularly perceived distance 7.3 binocularly perceived depth (stereopsis) 7.4 explaining stereopsis 7.5 random dot stereograms and the correspondence problem 7.6 how and where does information from the two eyes come together? module #8: seeing motion 8.1 introduction 8.2 perceived speed: the flash-lag effect 8.3 perceived direction: aperture effects summing up some background in neuroscience is desirable, but not necessary. we will consider basic visual system anatomy and physiology as needed. the following is a list of books in which the relevant material is discussed in more detail, but reading them is not required to understand the presentations. howe cq, purves d (2005) perceiving geometry: geometrical illusions explained by natural scene statistics. new york: springer press. hubel dh, wiesel t (2005) brain and visual perception. a story of a 25-year collaboration. (oxford university press, new york).  land mf, nilsson de (2002) animal eyes. oxford animal biology series. (oxford university press, new york). purves d. (2010) brains: how they seem to work. new york: pearson/ financial times press purves d, augustine ga, fitzpatrick d, hall w, lamantia a-s, mcnamara jo, williams sm (2011) neuroscience, 5th edition. sunderland, ma: sinauer associates purves d, cabeza r, huettel sa, labar ks, platt ml, and woldorff m (2012) principles of cognitive neuroscience, 2nd edition. sunderland, ma: sinauer associates purves d, lotto rb (2011) why we see what we do redux. sunderland, ma: sinauer associates references to original papers and reviews are provided in an extensive bibliography for students who may want to dig still deeper. a glossary is also be available to consult when terms are unfamiliar. "
mooc	course	v1-465	volcanic eruptions: a material science.	"volcanic eruptions are a powerful demonstration of the energy of the earths interior. a materials-based understanding of the evolution of erupting systems provides a quantitative physico-chemical description of the nature of lava and magma and the role of experiments in quantifying the eruptive process.  geoscientists define a living planet as one with active volcanism. by this definition our earth is very much alive, with many eruptions each year and with a far greater number of active volcanoes that can potentially erupt in any given year. in detail, each eruption is different. every volcano is its own physical and chemical system, occurs in its own geological location, is subjected to its local stress field, and is at its own stage in evolution in geological time. external triggers of volcanic eruptions are also believed to play an important role. yet powerful generalisations and models of volcanic eruptions are indeed possible and in fact very useful in dealing with the consequences of volcanic eruptions. how are such models constructed? they must rest on a basis of a mechanistic understanding of what volcanoes are, and what they are doing  not just during eruptions but also in the events leading up to eruptions, and not just at the earths surface but also at depth, where the magma is being prepared for the next eruption. in addition to field observations of past eruptions, monitoring of signals from magmatic systems, and computer-based simulation of volcanic eruptions, increasingly, high pressure and high temperature experiments are employed in order to answer the question of how volcanic systems work. these controlled laboratory conditions for experimental volcanology are transforming the study of volcanoes from a chiefly observational discipline where eruptive mechanisms were developed via theoretical analysis of such observations, into a fully modern scientific discipline where such theoretical approaches are either verified or rejected, by the experimental picture of what is possible and what is not. this course shows you how such experimental insight isobtained and what it tells us about erupting volcanoes. week 1: the earth as a living planet: the five big extinctions during phanerozoic times; volcanic fatalities; volcanism in the solar system; volcanism on earth; the essence of volcanism; week 2: the earth as a living planet: volcanoes on earth: magnitudes and landforms; explosive and effusive volcanism; videos of merapi and etna volcanoes; volcanic materials; mineralogy and fragment classification; chemical and mineralogical classification; week 3: structure of molten silicates: chemical composition; stability and geological properties (an overview on viscosity/viscoelasticity; density, expansivity/compressibility; volatiles solubilities, diffusivities, heat capacity, redox equilibria); week 4: dynamics of molten silicates: glass and molten silicates; molar heat, enthalpy: strain vs. time; cooling vs. heating paths; maxwell relations for viscoelasticity; resistivity and viscosity; relaxation times and implications for experiments;  week 5: relaxation in silicate melts: longitudinal vs. shear viscosity; glass transition; quench rate, relaxation time and viscosity; the role of water content, water speciation, pressure and temperature; details of water speciation from experimental data; week 6: diffusion in silicate melts: water content and water speciation (cont.); diffusion in contrasting silicate melts; the role of temperature; comparing diffusion of different elements; the role of pressure; simplified stokes-einstein and eyring equations; relaxation times (comparison between different compositions at different temperatures); week 7: expansivity and compressibility in silicate melts: partial molar volumes; density: equation of state for liquid silicates; density determinations and calculations above and below glass transition; density models for anhydrous granitic system; week 8: viscosity of silicate melts: calibration of reaction kinetics for speciation (e.g. h2o); prediction of glass transition: temperature, thermodynamic and kinetic; methods of viscosity measurements; arrhenian and non-arrhenian plots; viscosity-temperature relationships; peraluminous and metaluminous (calcalkaline) melts; adam gibbs model: entropy of mixing; multicomponent models with water and fluorine; week 9: fragmentation of magmas: the role of crystals and bubbles; bubble growth; structural relaxation; non-newtonian effects; viscous heating; flow or blow: the volcanic dilemma; fragmentation velocities; experimental volcanology at the lmu; videos from the labs and scientific staff; week 10: volcanic hazards: how to get information from volcanological maps; impact and relevance; volcanoes and mankind; hazards mitigation; examples from the vesuvius case; video from vesuvius with animations; basic mathematics, physics and chemistry. although the lectures are designed to be self-contained, we recommend (but do not require) that students refer to the suggested reading at the end of the chapters. "
mooc	course	v1-1123	turn down the heat: from climate science to action	"each part of the world faces specific vulnerabilities to climate change and has different opportunities to mitigate the effects and build resilience in the 21st century. with the paris agreement at cop 21, the global community has signaled its intent to act. indeed, without climate action, decades of development progress are threatened, meaning that we are at a make it or break it point in time. this course presents the most recent scientific evidence, regional impacts and climate action strategies, and some opportunities for you to take action on climate change. this action-oriented mooc gives you the opportunity to learn about regional climate change impacts and sector-specific strategies to increase resilience and move towards a low-carbon future. you will have the opportunity to explore these issues in depth and tailor your learning experience for one or more of the following regions: latin america and caribbean; sub-saharan africa; middle east and north africa; eastern europe and central asia; east asia and pacific; and south asia. to do this, the mooc brings together renowned scientists and policymakers to provide a synthesis of the most recent scientific evidence on climate change, regional low emissions and climate resilient development strategies across sectors, and an analysis of the paris agreement and other outcomes of cop 21. overview this overview presents the main topics this course will cover. week 1: climate change in the 21st century this module outlines the historical observed changes in the climate system, an overview of the projected changes in climate leading up to the end of the 21st century, and an assessment of the potential of the indcs submitted at cop 21 to induce climate action. in the context of the indc assessment, it describes the trends of increasing loss of arctic sea ice, melting glaciers, increased heat waves and extreme temperatures, and drought and aridity. the modulereviews possible responses from natural systems, explaining how warming could result in sea-level rise, heat waves and extreme temperatures, and ocean acidification. week 2: sectoral and regional impacts this module provides an overview of the projected climate trends and impacts on key development sectors across each of the worlds regions. the module will examine the likely impact of warming above pre-industrial temperatures in the regions, through a focus on agricultural production, water resources, ecosystem services, and coastal vulnerability for affected populations. in some regions, these risks have the potential to reverse hard-won development gains and potentially trap millions in poverty, illustrating the need for urgent action now. week 3: from science to action on climate change this module provides region-specific discussions on what mitigation and adaptation actions are needed to reduce emissions while also decreasing vulnerability to climate change impacts and building climate resilience. to do this, the module will draw on key regional experts involved in the implementation of different policy instruments. as no single policy solution exists, this module shares perspectives on strategies and actions proposed in each region to help transition towards a low-emissions, climate-resilient development path. week 4: what you can do: acting individually to address the climate challenge the final module presents you with opportunities to act on climate change both individually, and within your community. it will discuss how day-to-day changes can have a transformative impact when brought to a global scale. by discussing the rationale for acting now, acting together and acting differently, the module also presents examples and the expected benefits of mitigation and adaptation policies, considering both contributions to global emission reductions and local development opportunities. connect communicate and share resources via twitter using hashtag #wbheat. sign up for a free account at http://twitter.com.   ipcc fifth assessment report 2014, summary for policymakers > unfccc, 2015, synthesis report of the aggregate effects of the indcs > unfccc, 2015, historic paris agreement on climate change  world bank, 2012-14, turn down the heat series: why a 4c world must be avoided, climate extremes, regional impacts, and the case for resilience, & confronting the new climate normal > world bank, 2014, new climate normal poses severe risks to development in latin america and the caribbean > diop, makhtar, world bank blog, 2014, powering up africas renewable energy revolution  world bank, 2014, climate change to bring more heat, water shortages to middle east & north africa > world bank, 2014, world bank reports significant climate change impacts in central asia, russia & the balkans > world bank, 2015, climate change threatens to deepen poverty in east asia pacific by 2030  asian development bank, 2014, assessing the costs of climate change and adaptation in south asia"
mooc	course		academic information seeking	"null this course will introduce you to the basic elements of academic information seeking - we will explore the search process from defining a strategy to evaluating and documenting your search results. attending the course will make you a proficient information seeker. you will learn how to carry out comprehensive literature searches based on your own research assignment. you will be guided through the various information seeking steps from selecting relevant search strategies and techniques to evaluating your search results, documenting your search process and citing your sources. attending the course will enable you to:  identify your information need  evaluate databases and other information resources  set up search strategies and use various search techniques  formulate search strings based on your own research assignment  identify relevant material types  undertake critical evaluation of your sources  search more efficiently on the internet  avoid plagiarism  cite correctly  work with reference management  document your search process the course is intended for undergraduate students but the lessons will be useful to anyone who is interested in becoming better at finding scientific information. there are no formal requirements for the course. the series consists of 21 lectures that are organized into three modules. the lectures include small assignments and quizzes (to check comprehension). the lectures will each touch upon a topic that is essential to the information seeking process. to get the most out of the lecture series, we recommend that you access the lectures while you are working on an academic paper. we also recommend that you watch the lectures in the order in which we have structured them. we recommend that you create and fill out a log book while attending the lectures. we have created a log book template that you can use during the course. the lecture series has been developed in collaboration between information specialists at university of copenhagen and technical university of denmark preparing your search process . performing your searches . evaluating your search results null null"
mooc	course		accounting analytics	"null accounting analytics explores how financial statement data and non-financial metrics can be linked to financial performance. &nbsp;in this course, taught by whartons acclaimed accounting professors, youll learn how data is used to assess what drives financial performance and to forecast future financial scenarios. while many accounting and financial organizations deliver data, accounting analytics deploys that data to deliver insight, and this course will explore the many areas in which accounting data provides insight into other business areas including consumer behavior predictions, corporate strategy, risk management, optimization, and more. by the end of this course, youll understand how financial data and non-financial data interact to forecast events, optimize operations, and determine strategy. this course has been designed to help you make better business decisions about the emerging roles of accounting analytics, so that you can apply what youve learned to make your own business decisions and create strategy using financial data.&nbsp; ratios and forecasting . earnings management . big data and prediction models . linking non-financial metrics to financial performance null null"
mooc	course		advanced algorithms and complexity	"null youve learned the basic algorithms now and are ready to step into the area of more complex problems and algorithms to solve them. advanced algorithms build upon basic ones and use new ideas. we will start with networks flows which are used in more obvious applications such as optimal matchings, finding disjoint paths and flight scheduling as well as more surprising ones like image segmentation in computer vision or finding dense clusters in the advertiser-search query graphs at search engines. we then proceed to linear programming with applications in optimizing budget allocation, portfolio optimization, finding the cheapest diet satisfying all requirements, call routing in telecommunications and many others. next we discuss inherently hard problems for which no exact good solutions are known (and not likely to be found) and how to solve them approximately in a reasonable time. we finish with some applications to big data and machine learning which are heavy on algorithms right now.  null null"
mooc	course		advanced data structures in java	"null how does google maps plan the best route for getting around town given current traffic conditions? how does an internet router forward packets of network traffic to minimize delay? how does an aid group allocate resources to its affiliated local partners? to solve such problems, we first represent the key pieces of data in a complex data structure. in this course, youll learn about data structures, like graphs, that are fundamental for working with structured real world data. you will develop, implement, and analyze algorithms for working with this data to solve real world problems. in addition, as your programs you develop in this course become more complex, well examine what makes for good code and class hierarchy design so that you can not only write correct code, but also share it with other people and maintain it in the future. the backbone project in this course will be a route planning application. you will apply the concepts from each module directly to building an application that allows an autonomous agent (or a human driver!) to navigate its environment. and as usual we have our different video series to help tie the content back to its importance in the real world and to provide tiered levels of support to meet your personal needs. introduction to the course and graphs . class design and simple graph search . finding shortest paths in weighted graphs . route planning and np-hard graph problems . end of course project extension null null"
mooc	course		advanced neurobiology i	"null hello everyone! welcome to advanced neurobiology! neuroscience is a wonderful branch of science on how our brain perceives the external world, how our brain thinks, how our brain responds to the outside of the world, and how during disease or aging the neuronal connections deteriorate. were trying to understand the molecular, cellular nature and the circuitry arrangement of how nervous system works. through this course, youll have a comprehensive understanding of basic neuroanatomy, electral signal transduction, movement and several diseases in the nervous system. this advanced neurobiology course is composed of 2 parts (advanced neurobiology i and advanced neurobiology ii, and the latter will be online in late april or may). they are related to each other on the content but separate on scoring and certification, so you can choose either or both. its recommended that you take them sequentially and its great if youve already acquired a basic understanding of biology. thank you for joining us! anatomy of the nervous system . morphology of the neuronal cell &amp; cellular and molecular biology of the neuron . cellular and molecular biology of the neuron . signaling within neurons &amp; ion channels and membrane potentials . ion channels, membrane potential and synaptic transmission . neurotransmitter release . synaptic transmission &amp; synapitic plasticity . techniques in neuroscience null null"
mooc	course		"algorithms: design and analysis, part 2"	"null algorithms are the heart of computer science, and the subject has countless practical applications as well as intellectual depth. this course is an introduction to algorithms for learners with at least a little programming experience. the course is rigorous but emphasizes the big picture and conceptual understanding over low-level implementation and mathematical details. after completing this course, you will have a greater mastery of algorithms than almost anyone without a graduate degree in the subject. specific topics in part 2 include: greedy algorithms (scheduling, minimum spanning trees, clustering, huffman codes), dynamic programming (knapsack, sequence alignment, optimal search trees, shortest paths), np-completeness and what it means for the algorithm designer, analysis of heuristics, local search. about the instructor: tim roughgarden has been a professor in the computer science department at stanford university since 2004. he has taught and published extensively on the subject of algorithms and their applications. week 1 . week 2 . week 3 . week 4 . week 5 . week 6 . final exam null null"
mooc	course		"algorithms: design and analysis, part 1"	"null algorithms are the heart of computer science, and the subject has countless practical applications as well as intellectual depth. this course is an introduction to algorithms for learners with at least a little programming experience. the course is rigorous but emphasizes the big picture and conceptual understanding over low-level implementation and mathematical details. after completing this course, you will be well-positioned to ace your technical interviews and speak fluently about algorithms with other programmers and computer scientists. specific topics include: big-oh notation, sorting and searching, divide and conquer (master method, integer and matrix multiplication, closest pair), randomized algorithms (quicksort, contraction algorithm for min cuts), data structures (heaps, balanced search trees, hash tables, bloom filters), graph primitives (applications of bfs and dfs, connectivity, shortest paths). about the instructor: tim roughgarden has been a professor in the computer science department at stanford university since 2004. he has taught and published extensively on the subject of algorithms and their applications. week 1 . week 2 . week 3 . week 4 . week 5 . week 6 . week 7 null null"
mooc	course		algorithmic thinking (part 1)	"null experienced computer scientists analyze and solve computational problems at a level of abstraction that is beyond that of any particular programming language. this two-part course builds on the principles that you learned in our principles of computing course and is designed to train students in the mathematical concepts and process of algorithmic thinking, allowing them to build simpler, more efficient solutions to real-world computational problems. in part 1 of this course, we will study the notion of algorithmic efficiency and consider its application to several problems from graph theory. as the central part of the course, students will implement several important graph algorithms in python and then use these algorithms to analyze two large real-world data sets. the main focus of these tasks is to understand interaction between the algorithms and the structure of the data sets being analyzed by these algorithms. recommended background - students should be comfortable writing intermediate size (300+ line) programs in python and have a basic understanding of searching, sorting, and recursion. students should also have a solid math background that includes algebra, pre-calculus and a familiarity with the math concepts covered in principles of computing. module 1 - core materials . modules 1 - project and application . module 2 - core materials . module 2 - project and application null null"
mooc	course		algorithmic thinking (part 2)	"null experienced computer scientists analyze and solve computational problems at a level of abstraction that is beyond that of any particular programming language. this two-part class is designed to train students in the mathematical concepts and process of algorithmic thinking, allowing them to build simpler, more efficient solutions to computational problems. in part 2 of this course, we will study advanced algorithmic techniques such as divide-and-conquer and dynamic programming. as the central part of the course, students will implement several algorithms in python that incorporate these techniques and then use these algorithms to analyze two large real-world data sets. the main focus of these tasks is to understand interaction between the algorithms and the structure of the data sets being analyzed by these algorithms. once students have completed this class, they will have both the mathematical and programming skills to analyze, design, and program solutions to a wide range of computational problems. while this class will use python as its vehicle of choice to practice algorithmic thinking, the concepts that you will learn in this class transcend any particular programming language. module 3 - core materials . module 3 - project and application . module 4 - core materials . module 4 - project and application null null"
mooc	course		algorithmic toolbox	"null the course covers basic algorithmic techniques and ideas for computational problems arising frequently in practical applications: sorting and searching, divide and conquer, greedy algorithms, dynamic programming. we will learn a lot of theory: how to sort data and how it helps for searching; how to break a large problem into pieces and solve them recursively; when it makes sense to proceed greedily; how dynamic programming is used in genomic studies. you will practice solving computational problems, designing new algorithms, and implementing solutions efficiently (so that they run in less than a second). welcome . introduction . greedy algorithms . divide-and-conquer . dynamic programming null null"
mooc	course		algorithms on graphs	"null if you have ever used a navigation service to find optimal route and estimate time to destination, youve used algorithms on graphs. graphs arise in various real-world situations as there are road networks, computer networks and, most recently, social networks! if youre looking for the fastest time to get to work, cheapest way to connect set of computers into a network or efficient algorithm to automatically find communities and opinion leaders in facebook, youre going to work with graphs and algorithms on graphs. in this course, you will first learn what a graph is and what are some of the most important properties. then youll learn several ways to traverse graphs and how you can do useful things while traversing the graph in some order. we will then talk about shortest paths algorithms  from the basic ones to those which open door for 1000000 times faster algorithms used in google maps and other navigational services. you will use these algorithms if you choose to work on our fast shortest routes industrial capstone project. we will finish with minimum spanning trees which are used to plan road, telephone and computer networks and also find applications in clustering and approximate algorithms. decomposition of graphs 1 . decomposition of graphs 2 . paths in graphs 1 . paths in graphs 2 . minimum spanning trees null null"
mooc	course		algorithms on strings	"null world and internet is full of textual information. we search for information using textual queries, we read websites, books, e-mails. all those are strings from the point of view of computer science. to make sense of all that information and make search efficient, search engines use many string algorithms. moreover, the emerging field of personalized medicine uses many search algorithms to find disease-causing mutations in the human genome.  null null"
mooc	course		mastering data analysis in excel	"null in business, data and algorithms create economic value when they reduce uncertainty about financially important outcomes. this course teaches the concepts and mathematical methods behind the most powerful and universal metrics used by data scientists to evaluate the uncertainty-reduction  or information gain - predictive models provide. we focus on the two most common types of predictive model - binary classification and linear regression - and you will learn metrics to quantify for yourself the exact reduction in uncertainty each can offer. these metrics are applicable to any form of model that uses new information to improve predictions cast in the form of a known probability distribution  the standard way of representing forecasts in data science. in addition, you will learn proper methodology to avoid common data-analytic pitfalls when forecasting  such as being fooled by randomness and over-fitting noise as if it were signal. uniquely among data-analytics offerings, this course empowers you to understand and apply quite advanced information theory methods  bayesian logical data analysis - in business practice, without needing any calculus or matrix algebra, or any knowledge of matlab or r or software programming. you will be able to answer all homework and quiz questions either by using basic algebra, or with the special custom microsoft excel templates provided. nor is any prior experience with excel required; we will cover in detail at the beginning everything you need to know about using excel to succeed in the course itself. if you already know excel, you can skip that part. be aware that this is not a broad general excel skills course; it focuses on use of excel to calculate information-related metrics, and to solve real business problems, such as developing your own predictive analytics model for which credit card applicants a bank should accept and which reject as too risky. real problems are complicated! personally i think learning to solve real problems is also a great way to learn excel. we use specific tools in the excel toolbox to build something useful, and you can always go back and learn more tools in the toolbox  more excel functions  if and when you ever need them. this course requires some mathematical background: you should already know how to solve for an unknown using algebra; and have a basic familiarity with sigma (summation) notation; the concept of logarithms and working with bases other than base 10 (including base 2, and the natural logarithm and base e); and probability theory concepts such as calculating conditional, product, and joint probabilities. these concepts are assumed in the course rather than taught. all the new math taught in the course is summarized in a downloadable pdf document - mathematical supplement  please refer to it to decide if the difficulty level of this course seems right for you. about this specialization and course . excel essentials for beginners . binary classification . information measures . linear regression . samples and random variables . final course project null null"
mooc	course		managing big data with mysql	"null this course is an introduction to how to use relational databases in business analysis. you will learn how relational databases work, and how to use entity-relationship diagrams to display the structure of the data held within them. this knowledge will help you understand how data needs to be collected in business contexts, and help you identify features you want to consider if you are involved in implementing new data collection efforts. you will also learn how to execute the most useful query and table aggregation statements for business analysts, and practice using them with real databases. no more waiting 48 hours for someone else in the company to provide data to you  you will be able to get the data by yourself! by the end of this course, you will have a clear understanding of how relational databases work, and have a portfolio of queries you can show potential employers. businesses are collecting increasing amounts of information with the hope that data will yield novel insights into how to improve businesses. analysts that understand how to access this data  this means you!  will have a strong competitive advantage in this data-smitten business world. about this specialization and course . understanding relational databases . queries to extract data from single tables . queries to summarize groups of data from multiple tables . queries to address more detailed business questions . strengthen and test your understanding null null"
mooc	course		android app components and data persistence	"null this mooc builds upon the overview of java and android covered in course 1 by delving deeper into core android components, such as activities, broadcast receivers, intents, and intent filters. you will learn by example how to program these core android components together with basic java file i/o classes (such as file, inputstream, outputwriter, etc.) and android storage mechanisms (such as shared preferences). throughout this mooc youll work incrementally on a project involving a simple multi-activity game that requires data persistence. each week you will add additional capabilities to the project, based on material covered in the lecture videos. youll spend roughly 4 hours per week watching video lectures, taking quizzes, and programming assignments with java and android.  null null"
mooc	course		front-end javascript frameworks: angularjs	"null this course concentrates mainly on javascript based front-end frameworks, and in particular, angularjs, the most popular among them. we will review the model view controller (mvc) design-pattern in the context of angularjs. you will be introduced to various aspects of angularjs including two-way data binding and angular directives and filters. you will then be introduced to angular controllers and scopes. ui routing and templates will then be reviewed. finally we will look at angular modules and services. single page application (spa) development using angular will also be explored. you must have either completed the previous course in the specialization on bootstrap, or have a working knowledge of bootstrap to be able to navigate this course. at the end of this course you will: - be familiar with client-side javascript frameworks and the mvc design pattern - be able to implement single page applications in angularjs - be able to use various angular features including directives, filters, controllers, scope and routing - be able to implement a functional front-end web application using angularjs front-end javascript frameworks: angularjs overview . task runners, angular scope, forms and form validation . single page applications . client-server communication and angular testing null null"
mooc	course		antimicrobial resistance - theory and methods	"null the course will cover the topics related to antimicrobial resistance with basic definitions and overview on antimicrobials their use and the emergence and spread of resistance. the course will guide you through the concepts and the importance of resistance spread and dissemination and how that happens. it will show you how bacteria become resistant and which mechanisms they might use for this. and as part of the course you will also receive some training in methods for antimicrobial susceptibility testing (ast) and detection of specific resistance in the microbiological laboratories with the basic methods available and with focus on the obtention of good quality results which can be interpreted and used for different purposes. additionally, it will show you how to use genomic analysis tools to analyze whole genome sequencing data to detect resistance genes (and or other genes of interest) in a simple and easy way using online tools freely available. after this course you should be able to: 1. describe the most important families of antimicrobials and mode of action 2. understand the basic concepts of antimicrobial resistance from several perspectives (clinical, research and microbiological) 3. enumerate and describe how bacteria can become resistant and the mechanisms that may be involved in that process 4. describe how antimicrobial resistance emerges and spreads around the world including concepts of antimicrobial resistance transfer, selection and dissemination 5. enumerate the methods used for antimicrobial susceptibility testing (ast) 6. compare dilution and diffusion methods and know the basic techniques of agar disk diffusion, broth dilution and agar dilution methods 7. have detailed theoretical knowledge on how to perform the main methods in a laboratory 8. know the basic concepts about analysis and interpretation of results of ast, including different breakpoints, cut-off setting and their applications. 9. understand the importance and related concepts related to quality management and quality assurance method standardization, applied to ast 10. relate the information obtained in this course with real cases of resistant bacteria spreading in patients, the community, animals or the environment 11. relate the phenotypical results with results from genotyping using molecular techniques for detection of resistance mechanisms 12. understand the concept and be able to apply genomic analysis tools used to detect resistance genes and other relevant genes from whole genome sequencing (wgs) data (with demonstration of selected online tools) disclaimer: please note that the guidelines and methods referred or links included in these materials are updated when the videos lectures are produced and before the course is released, however these might become outdated with time. welcome to the course . module a- antimicrobial and antimicrobial action . module b - antimicrobials and resistance . module c- antimicrobial susceptibility testing . module d- interpretation . module e- quality assurance . module f- alternatives to ast- genome analysis tools null null"
mooc	course		approximation algorithms part i	"null approximation algorithms, part i how efficiently can you pack objects into a minimum number of boxes? how well can you cluster nodes so as to cheaply separate a network into components around a few centers? these are examples of np-hard combinatorial optimization problems. it is most likely impossible to solve such problems efficiently, so our aim is to give an approximate solution that can be computed in polynomial time and that at the same time has provable guarantees on its cost relative to the optimum. this course assumes knowledge of a standard undergraduate algorithms course, and particularly emphasizes algorithms that can be designed using linear programming, a favorite and amazingly successful technique in this area. by taking this course, you will be exposed to a range of problems at the foundations of theoretical computer science, and to powerful design and analysis techniques. upon completion, you will be able to recognize, when faced with a new combinatorial optimization problem, whether it is close to one of a few known basic problems, and will be able to design linear programming relaxations and use randomized rounding to attempt to solve your own problem. the course content and in particular the homework is of a theoretical nature without any programming assignments. this is the first of a two-part course on approximation algorithms. vertex cover and linear programming . knapsack and rounding . bin packing, linear programming and rounding . set cover and randomized rounding . multiway cut and randomized rounding null null"
mooc	course		ancient philosophy: aristotle and his successors	"null what is philosophy? how does it differ from science, religion, and other modes of human discourse? this course traces the origins of philosophy in the western tradition in the thinkers of ancient greece. we begin with the presocratic natural philosophers who were active in ionia in the 6th century bce and are also credited with being the first scientists. thales, anaximander, and anaximines made bold proposals about the ultimate constituents of reality, while heraclitus insisted that there is an underlying order to the changing world. parmenides of elea formulated a powerful objection to all these proposals, while later greek theorists (such as anaxagoras and the atomist democritus) attempted to answer that objection. in fifth-century athens, socrates insisted on the importance of the fundamental ethical questionhow shall i live?and his pupil, plato, and platos pupil, aristotle, developed elaborate philosophical systems to explain the nature of reality, knowledge, and human happiness. after the death of aristotle, in the hellenistic period, epicureans and stoics developed and transformed that earlier tradition. we will study the major doctrines of all these thinkers. part i will cover plato and his predecessors. part ii will cover aristotle and his successors. aristotles categories . aristotles natural philosophy . aristotles ethics . epicureanism . stoicism null null"
mooc	course		assembling genomes and finding disease-causing mutations	"null carsonella ruddii is a bacterium that lives symbiotically inside some insects. its sheltered life has allowed it to reduce its genome to only about 160,000 base pairs. with only about 200 genes, it lacks some genes necessary for survival, but these genes are supplied by its insect host. in fact, carsonella has such a small genome that biologists have conjectured that it is losing its bacterial identity and turning into an organelle, which is part of the hosts genome. this transition from bacterium to organelle has happened many times during evolutionary history; in fact, the mitochondrion responsible for energy production in human cells was once a free-roaming bacterium that we assimilated in the distant past. given a collection of simulated error-free read-pairs, use the paired de bruijn graph to reconstruct the carsonella ruddii genome. compare this assembly to the assembly obtained from the classic de bruijn graph (i.e., when all we know is the reads themselves and do not know the distance between paired reads) in order to better appreciate the benefits of read-pairs. for each k, what is the minimum value of d needed to enable reconstruction of the entire carsonella ruddii genome from its (k, d)-mer composition?  null null"
mooc	course		astronomy: exploring time and space	null this course is designed for anyone who is interested in learning more about modern astronomy. we will help you get up to date on the most recent astronomical discoveries while also providing support at an introductory level for those who have no background in science. astronomy: exploring time and space . science and history . the night sky . the tools of astronomy . matter and radiation . the solar system . exoplanets . star birth and death . galaxies . cosmology . life in the universe null null
mooc	course		big data analysis with scala and spark	"null manipulating big data distributed over a cluster using functional concepts is rampant in industry, and is arguably one of the first widespread industrial uses of functional ideas. this is evidenced by the popularity of mapreduce and hadoop, and most recently apache spark, a fast, in-memory distributed collections framework written in scala. in this course, well see how the data parallel paradigm can be extended to the distributed case, using spark throughout. well cover sparks programming model in detail, being careful to understand how and when it differs from familiar programming models, like shared-memory parallel collections or sequential scala collections. through hands-on examples in spark and scala, well learn when important issues related to distribution like latency and network communication should be considered and how they can be addressed effectively for improved performance. learning outcomes. by the end of this course you will be able to: - read data from persistent storage and load it into apache spark, - manipulate data with spark and scala, - express algorithms for data analysis in a functional style, - recognize how to avoid shuffles and recomputation in spark, recommended background: you should have at least one year programming experience. proficiency with java or c# is ideal, but experience with other languages such as c/c++, python, javascript or ruby is also sufficient. you should have some familiarity using the command line. this course is intended to be taken after parallel programming: https://www.coursera.org/learn/parprog1.  null null"
mooc	course		graph analytics for big data	"null want to understand your data network structure and how it changes under different conditions? curious to know how to identify closely interacting clusters within a graph? have you heard of the fast-growing area of graph analytics and want to learn more? this course gives you a broad overview of the field of graph analytics so you can learn new ways to model, store, retrieve and analyze graph-structured data. after completing this course, you will be able to model a problem into a graph database and perform analytical tasks over the graph in a scalable manner. better yet, you will be able to apply these techniques to understand the significance of your data sets for your own projects. welcome to graph analytics . introduction to graphs . graph analytics . graph analytics techniques . computing platforms for graph analytics null null"
mooc	course		big data integration and processing	"null at the end of the course, you will be able to: *retrieve data from example database and big data management systems *describe the connections between data management operations and the big data processing patterns needed to utilize them in large-scale analytical applications *identify when a big data problem needs data integration *execute simple big data integration and processing on hadoop and spark platforms this course is for those new to data science. completion of intro to big data is recommended. no prior programming experience is needed, although the ability to install applications and utilize a virtual machine is necessary to complete the hands-on assignments. refer to the specialization technical requirements for complete hardware and software specifications. hardware requirements: (a) quad core processor (vt-x or amd-v support recommended), 64-bit; (b) 8 gb ram; (c) 20 gb disk free. how to find your hardware information: (windows): open system by clicking the start button, right-clicking computer, and then clicking properties; (mac): open overview by clicking on the apple menu and clicking about this mac. most computers with 8 gb ram purchased in the last 3 years will meet the minimum requirements.you will need a high speed internet connection because you will be downloading files up to 4 gb in size. software requirements: this course relies on several open-source software tools, including apache hadoop. all required software can be downloaded and installed free of charge (except for data charges from your internet provider). software requirements include: windows 7+, mac os x 10.10+, ubuntu 14.04+ or centos 6+ virtualbox 5+.  null null"
mooc	course		introduction to big data	"null interested in increasing your knowledge of the big data landscape? this course is for those new to data science and interested in understanding why the big data era has come to be. it is for those who want to become conversant with the terminology and the core concepts behind big data problems, applications, and systems. it is for those who want to start thinking about how big data might be useful in their business or career. it provides an introduction to one of the most common frameworks, hadoop, that has made big data analysis easier and more accessible -- increasing the potential for data to transform our world! at the end of this course, you will be able to: * describe the big data landscape including examples of real world big data problems including the three key sources of big data: people, organizations, and sensors. * explain the vs of big data (volume, velocity, variety, veracity, valence, and value) and why each impacts data collection, monitoring, storage, analysis and reporting. * get value out of big data by using a 5-step process to structure your analysis. * identify what are and what are not big data problems and be able to recast big data problems as data science questions. * provide an explanation of the architectural components and programming models used for scalable big data analysis. * summarize the features and value of core hadoop stack components including the yarn resource and job management system, the hdfs file system and the mapreduce programming model. * install and run a program using hadoop! this course is for those new to data science. no prior programming experience is needed, although the ability to install applications and utilize a virtual machine is necessary to complete the hands-on assignments. hardware requirements: (a) quad core processor (vt-x or amd-v support recommended), 64-bit; (b) 8 gb ram; (c) 20 gb disk free. how to find your hardware information: (windows): open system by clicking the start button, right-clicking computer, and then clicking properties; (mac): open overview by clicking on the apple menu and clicking about this mac. most computers with 8 gb ram purchased in the last 3 years will meet the minimum requirements.you will need a high speed internet connection because you will be downloading files up to 4 gb in size. software requirements: this course relies on several open-source software tools, including apache hadoop. all required software can be downloaded and installed free of charge. software requirements include: windows 7+, mac os x 10.10+, ubuntu 14.04+ or centos 6+ virtualbox 5+. welcome . big data: why and where . characteristics of big data and dimensions of scalability . data science: getting value out of big data . foundations for big data systems and programming . systems: getting started with hadoop null null"
mooc	course		machine learning with big data	"null want to learn the basics of large-scale data processing? need to make predictive models but dont know the right tools? this course will introduce you to open source tools you can use for parallel, distributed and scalable machine learning. after completing this courses hands-on projects with knime and spark, you will be able to train, evaluate, and validate basic predictive models. you will be able to describe and apply common clustering techniques and classification algorithms. machine learning foundations . classification tools and techniques . associaton rule learning . clustering analysis null null"
mooc	course		big data modeling and management systems	"null once youve identified a big data issue to analyze, how do you collect, store and organize your data using big data solutions? in this course, you will experience various data genres and management tools appropriate for each. you will be able to describe the reasons behind the evolving plethora of new big data platforms from the perspective of big data management systems and analytical tools. through guided hands-on tutorials, you will become familiar with techniques using real-time and semi-structured data examples. systems and tools discussed include: asterixdb, hp vertica, impala, neo4j, redis, sparksql. this course provides techniques to extract value from existing untapped data sources and discovering new data sources. at the end of this course, you will be able to: * recognize different data elements in your own work and in everyday life problems * explain why your team needs to design a big data infrastructure plan and information system design * identify the frequent data operations required for various types of data * select a data model to suit the characteristics of your data * apply techniques to handle streaming data * differentiate between a traditional database management system and a big data management system * appreciate why there are so many data management systems * design a big data information system for an online game company this course is for those new to data science. completion of intro to big data is recommended. no prior programming experience is needed, although the ability to install applications and utilize a virtual machine is necessary to complete the hands-on assignments. refer to the specialization technical requirements for complete hardware and software specifications. hardware requirements: (a) quad core processor (vt-x or amd-v support recommended), 64-bit; (b) 8 gb ram; (c) 20 gb disk free. how to find your hardware information: (windows): open system by clicking the start button, right-clicking computer, and then clicking properties; (mac): open overview by clicking on the apple menu and clicking about this mac. most computers with 8 gb ram purchased in the last 3 years will meet the minimum requirements.you will need a high speed internet connection because you will be downloading files up to 4 gb in size. software requirements: this course relies on several open-source software tools, including apache hadoop. all required software can be downloaded and installed free of charge (except for data charges from your internet provider). software requirements include: windows 7+, mac os x 10.10+, ubuntu 14.04+ or centos 6+ virtualbox 5+. introduction to big data modeling and management . big data modeling . big data modeling (part 2) . working with data models . big data management: the m in dbms . designing a big data management system for an online game null null"
mooc	course		big data - capstone project	"null welcome to the capstone project for big data! in collaboration with splunk, a software company focused on analyzing machine-generated big data, you will build a big data ecosystem using tools and methods from the earlier courses in this specialization. first, you can choose an application: retail, sports, current events, etc. then, you will enrich the datasets / data models weve already used in this specialization with external data sets of your choice. after bringing in data from at least three distinct sources, you will build searches and/or dashboards that address the capstone project questions. in this project, you will use a post-process search to aggregate or otherwise transform the data and extract meaningful insights. by utilizing visualization and communication techniques for big data, you will be able to conduct basic storytelling and model interpretation. excitingly, if you have a top project (whether hadoop or splunk), you will be eligible to present to splunk and meet splunk recruiters and engineering leadership!  null null"
mooc	course		big history: connecting knowledge	"null we currently face unprecedented challenges on a global scale. these problems do not neatly fall into disciplines. they are complicated, complex, and connected. join us on this epic journey of 13.8 billion years starting at the big bang and travelling through time all the way to the future. discover the connections in our world, the power of collective learning, how our universe and our world has evolved from incredible simplicity to ever-increasing complexity. experience our modern scientific origin story through big history and discover the important links between past, current, and future events. you will find two different types of lectures. zooming in lectures from multiple specialists enable you to understand key concepts through the lens of different disciplines, whilst david christians big history framework lectures provide the connective overview for a journey through eight thresholds of big history. big history, critical thinking, &amp; transdisciplinarity . the universe, stars, and planets . the evolutionary epic . human history . modernity . the future null null"
mooc	course		bioconductor for genomic data science	null learn to use tools from the bioconductor project to perform analysis of genomic data. this is the fifth course in the genomic big data specialization from johns hopkins university. week one . week two . week three . week four null null
mooc	course		bioinformatic methods i	"null large-scale biology projects such as the sequencing of the human genome and gene expression surveys using rna-seq, microarrays and other technologies have created a wealth of data for biologists. however, the challenge facing scientists is analyzing and even accessing these data to extract useful information pertaining to the system being studied. this course focuses on employing existing bioinformatic resources  mainly web-based programs and databases  to access the wealth of data to answer questions relevant to the average biologist, and is highly hands-on. topics covered include multiple sequence alignments, phylogenetics, gene expression data analysis, and protein interaction networks, in two separate parts. the first part, bioinformatic methods i (this one), deals with databases, blast, multiple sequence alignments, phylogenetics, selection analysis and metagenomics. this, the second part, bioinformatic methods ii, covers motif searching, protein-protein interactions, structural bioinformatics, gene expression data analysis, and cis-element predictions. this pair of courses is useful to any student considering graduate school in the biological sciences, as well as students considering molecular medicine. both provide an overview of the many different bioinformatic tools that are out there. these courses are based on one taught at the university of toronto to upper-level undergraduates who have some understanding of basic molecular biology. if youre not familiar with this, something like https://learn.saylor.org/course/bio101 might be helpful. no programming is required for this course. ncbi/blast i . blast ii/comparative genomics . multiple sequence alignments . review: ncbi/blast i, blast ii/comparative genetics, and multiple sequence alignments . phylogenetics . selection analysis . next gen sequence analysis (rna-seq) / metagenomics . review: phylogenetics, selection analysis, and next gen sequence analysis (rna-seq)/metagenomics + final assignment null null"
mooc	course		bioinformatic methods ii	"null large-scale biology projects such as the sequencing of the human genome and gene expression surveys using rna-seq, microarrays and other technologies have created a wealth of data for biologists. however, the challenge facing scientists is analyzing and even accessing these data to extract useful information pertaining to the system being studied. this course focuses on employing existing bioinformatic resources  mainly web-based programs and databases  to access the wealth of data to answer questions relevant to the average biologist, and is highly hands-on. topics covered include multiple sequence alignments, phylogenetics, gene expression data analysis, and protein interaction networks, in two separate parts. the first part, bioinformatic methods i, dealt with databases, blast, multiple sequence alignments, phylogenetics, selection analysis and metagenomics. this, the second part, bioinformatic methods ii, will cover motif searching, protein-protein interactions, structural bioinformatics, gene expression data analysis, and cis-element predictions. this pair of courses is useful to any student considering graduate school in the biological sciences, as well as students considering molecular medicine. these courses are based on one taught at the university of toronto to upper-level undergraduates who have some understanding of basic molecular biology. if youre not familiar with this, something like https://learn.saylor.org/course/bio101 might be helpful. no programming is required for this course although some command line work (though within a web browser) occurs in the 5th module. protein motifs . protein-protein interactions . protein structure . review: protein motifs, protein-protein interactions, and protein structure . gene expression analysis i . gene expression analysis ii . cis regulatory systems . review: gene expression analysis and cis regulatory systems + final assignment null null"
mooc	course		bioinformatics capstone: big data in biology	"null learn about some practical problems in modern bioinformatics and the software tools used to solve them, and then apply what youve learned in the bioinformatics specialization to become a master bioinformatician.  null null"
mooc	course		"biological diversity (theories, measures and data sampling techniques)"	"null the course presents an overview of the theory behind biological diversity evolution and dynamics and of methods for diversity calculation and estimation. we will become familiar with the major alpha, beta, and gamma diversity estimation techniques. understanding how biodiversity evolved and is evolving on earth and how to correctly use and interpret biodiversity data is important for all students interested in conservation biology and ecology, whether they pursue careers in academia or as policy makers and other professionals (students graduating from our programs do both). academics need to be able to use the theories and indices correctly, whereas policy makers must be able to understand and interpret the conclusions offered by the academics. the course has the following expectations and results: - covering the theoretical and practical issues involved in biodiversity theory, - conducting surveys and inventories of biodiversity, - analyzing the information gathered, - and applying their analysis to ecological and conservation problems. needed learner background: - basics of ecology and calculus - good understanding of english welcome to the course biological diversity (theories, measures and data sampling techniques) . biodiversity and evolution . importance of biodiversity and anthropogenic impacts . analyse and measure biodiversity . species-abundance distributions and comparisons . alternative measures of biodiversity and basis of statistics . statistics applied to the analysis of biodiversity null null"
mooc	course		mathematical biostatistics boot camp 2	"null learn fundamental concepts in data analysis and statistical inference, focusing on one and two independent samples. hypothesis testing . two binomials . discrete data settings . techniques null null"
mooc	course		mathematical biostatistics boot camp 1	"null this class presents the fundamental probability and statistical concepts used in elementary data analysis. it will be taught at an introductory level for students with junior or senior college-level mathematical training including a working knowledge of calculus. a small amount of linear algebra and programming are useful for the class, but not required. introduction, probability, expectations, and random vectors . conditional probability, bayes rule, likelihood, distributions, and asymptotics . confidence intervals, bootstrapping, and plotting . binomial proportions and logs null null"
mooc	course		blended learning: personalizing education for students	"null plenty of buzz exists about blended learning and its transformational potential. but what does blended learning really mean? in this course we will explore the different models of blended learning and dive into key issues that impact students, teachers, and schools. specifically, we will look at these issues through the lens of three high-performing schools that each use a different type of blended learning. a few of the key topics will include: - the role of the student and how to support students in the transition from traditional to blended learning - implications for teachers in their day-to-day work and overall role - impact on the way schools are designed including staffing models, use of time, hardware/software selection, and the use of data - implementation challenges, potential solutions, and the remaining open questions we will live by the attributes of blended learning in this course, encouraging students to take quizzes at the beginning of the module to assess their understanding and skip material they already know. overall, we will take a hand-on approach and the course will culminate in participants prototyping their own blended learning model. if you are interested in learning more about how to best leverage technology in education and rethink the way we run schools, join this mooc and encourage your colleagues to do the same. become a part of this growing movement and learn first-hand how blended learning can help provide students a more personalized learning experience. introduction and blended learning models . creating the ideal student experience . rethinking the role of the teacher . redesigning a school . making hardware, software, and space decisions . prototyping and the innovation process null null"
mooc	course		introduction to breast cancer	"null welcome to an introduction to breast cancer! in this course, well learn a bit about the leading cause of cancer in women worldwide  from the basic biology of the disease, to risk factors and prevention, to treatment modalities to survivorship. well talk to leading experts, explore some of the milestone studies that have pushed this field forward, and have interactive discussions on discussion boards and social media. youll even have an opportunity to let us know what topics you want to cover on tweetchats, so we can try to make the content fit your interests. there is something in this course for everyone  if youre a breast cancer survivor or the friend/family member of someone with this disease, this course will help you to better understand this disease, and give you ideas for questions you may want to ask your doctor. maybe youre a healthcare provider or studying to be the same, this course is a great refresher on where the state of the science is, and we may even be able to offer continuing medical education credits for completion. if youre a healthcare administrator wondering about how the interdisciplinary components of breast cancer care fit together, or an entrepreneur thinking about unmet needs in this space, or someone in public health interested in prevention, this course is also for you! are you ready to learn a lot, and have some fun while were at it? if so, i hope youll join us! lets get started!!! welcome to the course! . risks and prevention . under the microscope . making the diagnosis . all about surgery . beyond the knife . potpurri null null"
mooc	course		build a modern computer from first principles: from nand to tetris (project-centered course)	"null what youll achieve: in this project-centered course* you will build a modern computer system, from the ground up. well divide this fascinating journey into six hands-on projects that will take you from constructing elementary logic gates all the way through creating a fully functioning general purpose computer. in the process, you will learn - in the most direct and constructive way - how computers work, and how they are designed. what youll need: this is a self-contained course: all the knowledge necessary to succeed in the course and build the computer system will be given as part of the learning experience. therefore, we assume no previous computer science or engineering knowledge, and all learners are welcome aboard. you will need no physical materials, since you will build the computer on your own pc, using a software-based hardware simulator, just like real computers are designed by computer engineers in the field. the hardware simulator, as well as other software tools, will be supplied freely after you enroll in the course. course format: the course consists of six modules, each comprising a series of video lectures, and a project. you will need about 2-3 hours to watch each modules lectures, and about 5-10 hours to complete each one of the six projects. the course can be completed in six weeks, but you are welcome to take it at your own pace. you can watch a ted talk about this course by googling nand2tetris ted talk. *about project-centered courses: project-centered courses are designed to help you complete a personally meaningful real-world project, with your instructor and a community of learners with similar goals providing guidance and suggestions along the way. by actively applying new concepts as you learn, youll master the course content more efficiently; youll also get a head start on using the skills you gain to make positive changes in your life and career. when you complete the course, youll have a finished project that youll be proud to use and share. introduction . boolean functions and gate logic . general course information . boolean arithmetic and the alu . memory . machine language . computer architecture . assembler null null"
mooc	course		building a data science team	"null data science is a team sport. as a data science executive it is your job to recruit, organize, and manage the team to success. in this one-week course, we will cover how you can find the right people to fill out your data science team, how to organize them to give them the best chance to feel empowered and successful, and how to manage your team as it grows. this is a focused course designed to rapidly get you up to speed on the process of building and managing a data science team. our goal was to make this as convenient as possible for you without sacrificing any essential content. weve left the technical information aside so that you can focus on managing your team and moving it forward. after completing this course you will know. 1. the different roles in the data science team including data scientist and data engineer 2. how the data science team relates to other teams in an organization 3. what are the expected qualifications of different data science team members 4. relevant questions for interviewing data scientists 5. how to manage the onboarding process for the team 6. how to guide data science teams to success 7. how to encourage and empower data science teams commitment: 1 week of study, 4-6 hours course cover image by jaredzammit. creative commons by-sa. https://flic.kr/p/5vuwzz building a data science team null null"
mooc	course		business case analysis	"null the capstone project is the culmination of your journey through the business english for non-native speakers specialization. it is aimed at applying the written and spoken skills that you have gained to an authentic business situation. you will be able to choose a business case provided by hkust, or use an example from your own work experience and: (1) prepare an online video presentation (approx.  hour) that analyses the case and provides recommendations, and (2) prepare a business report to coincide with the presentation (approx. 2,000 words). the report should include an executive summary, analyses of the case and recommendations.  null null"
mooc	course		exploring and producing data for business decision making	"null this course provides an analytical framework to help you evaluate key problems in a structured fashion and will equip you with tools to better manage the uncertainties that pervade and complicate business processes. specifically, you will be introduced to statistics and how to summarize data and learn concepts of frequency, normal distribution, statistical studies, sampling, and confidence intervals. while you will be introduced to some of the science of what is being taught, the focus will be on applying the methodologies. this will be accomplished through the use of excel and data sets from many different disciplines, allowing you to see the use of statistics in very diverse settings. the course will focus not only on explaining these concepts, but also understanding the meaning of the results obtained. upon successful completion of this course, you will be able to:  summarize large data sets in graphical, tabular, and numerical forms.  understand the significance of proper sampling and why you can rely on sample information.  understand why normal distribution can be used in so many settings.  use sample information to infer about the population with a certain level of confidence about the accuracy of the estimations.  use excel for statistical analysis. this course is part of the imba offered by the university of illinois, a flexible, fully-accredited online mba at an incredibly competitive price. for more information, please see the resource page in this course and onlinemba.illinois.edu. course orientation . module 1: introduction and summarizing data . module 2: descriptive statistics and probability distributions . module 3: sampling and central limit theorem . module 4: inference null null"
mooc	course		business english: making presentations	"null this course teaches you language and techniques that will help you make effective presentations in english. the final task is to develop a well-organized, persuasive presentation using charts and graphs that sells your city as a venue. the course focuses on students who have an intermediate level of english, with a minimum of two years of formal language study. course learning objectives  present information in an organized and engaging way  share data in charts and graphs  use persuasive language in a presentation  null null"
mooc	course		english for effective business speaking	"null this course aims to improve your business english speaking skills by developing your use of vocabulary, grammar, pronunciation, spoken communication skills within a business context, and your ability to deliver professional business speeches for specific purposes. skills learned in this course will be used in the cross-cultural communications course and help prepare you to deliver the professional business presentation in the capstone project. after completing this course, you will be able to: - delivery effective job interviews - give persuasive business pitches - delivery informative business presentations - speak persuasively in english - adapt content to purpose, context and audience - use appropriate style and tone of writing for business purposes welcome module . introduction to business speaking . interviews . business pitches . business presentations . concluding module null null"
mooc	course		business english: basics	"null this course aims to improve your business english language skills by developing your vocabulary and reading skills and your understanding of tone, style and knowledge of communication methods. well also cover how these language skills can enhance audience analysis, business case analysis and basic business communication strategies. skills learned in this course will often be referred to and needed to complete the speaking, writing and cross-cultural communications courses of this specialization. after completing this course, you will be able to: - describe things and events in the context of business english - make requests in the context of business english - support arguments in the context of business english - use appropriate tone and style according to the context of business english - conduct an audience analysis - match audience with the purpose and medium of communication - analyse and summarise business data welcome module . communication basics . genres and styles . audience and purpose . analyzing business cases . concluding module null null"
mooc	course		"business intelligence concepts, tools, and applications"	"null this is the fourth course in the data warehouse for business intelligence specialization. ideally, the courses should be taken in sequence. in this course, you will gain the knowledge and skills for using data warehouses for business intelligence purposes and for working as a business intelligence developer. youll have the opportunity to work with large data sets in a data warehouse environment and will learn the use of microstrategys online analytical processing (olap) and visualization capabilities to create visualizations and dashboards. the course gives an overview of how business intelligence technologies can support decision making across any number of business sectors. these technologies have had a profound impact on corporate strategy, performance, and competitiveness and broadly encompass decision support systems, business intelligence systems, and visual analytics. modules are organized around the business intelligence concepts, tools, and applications, and the use of data warehouse for business reporting and online analytical processing, for creating visualizations and dashboards, and for business performance management and descriptive analytics. decision making and decision support systems . business intelligence concepts and platform capabilities . data visualization and dashboard design . business performance management systems . bi maturity, strategy, and summative project null null"
mooc	course		"planning: principled, proposing, proofing, and practicing to a success plan"	"null according to steven blank a business startup, or any new venture startup is essentially a proto-type. thus the startup process essentially becomes a learning process to refine that business proto-type into a scalable, replicable finished product. at the end of this course learners will be able to: -complete a business model summarizing assumptions about what value they will offer to whom, and how they will make money. - systematically test and validate these assumptions within the constraints of their available resources, and - use these validated assumptions to generate financial projections that are based on actual resources and efforts expended. the days of the 40 page business plan have certainly passed, but the role of planning in the business creation process is one of extreme importance. in this course we will explore the important components that you need to explore in detail prior to business creation. action without planning is a recipe for disaster and we will make sure you have a rock solid foundation for future actions. the planning here is focused on learning. it is unrealistic for anyone to document in detail all of the actions they should take to make a new venture or activity successful when they (and often no one else) has any experience with the new venture and the conditions which it is likely to face. thus the business plan based largely on assumptions and aggregate, non-applicable data is replaced with the business model which organizes the key assumptions determining what value the business will offer to whom, and how it will make money. the course will guide learners through the process of systematically testing and validating these assumptions, and obtaining specific, applicable data. it will then show learners how to use these validated assumptions to generate pro-forma financial statements directly tied to actions and resources based on this business model. introduction . principled planning . creating the value that will create a customer . construction zone two: value proposition . proposing the business concept statement . the business model and launch plan null null"
mooc	course		ok deikenli fonksiyon ii: uygulamalar / multivariable calculus ii: applications	"null ders ok deikenli fonksiyonlardaki iki derslik dizinin ikincisidir. birinci ders trev ve entegral kavramlarn gelitirmekte ve bu konulardaki problemleri temel zme yntemlerini sunmaktadr. bu ders, birinci derste gelitirilen temeller zerine daha ileri konular ilemekte ve daha kapsaml uygulamalar ve zml rnekler sunmaktadr. ders gerek yaamdan gelen uygulamalar da tantmaya nem veren ierikli yaklamla tasarlanmtr.&nbsp; blmler blm 1: multivar 1in zeti, dairesel koordinatlarda entegraller blm 2: trev uygulamalarndan seme konular blm 3: ok deikenle zincirleme trev ve jakobiyan blm 4: uzayda yzey ve hacm entegralleri blm 5: dzlemde ak entegralleri blm 6: dzlemde green, uzayda stokes ve green-gauss teoremleri blm 7: stokes ve green-gauss teoremleri ve doann korunum yasalar ----------- the course is the second of the two course sequence of calculus of multivariable functions. the first course develops the concepts of derivatives and integrals of functions of several variables, and the basic tools for doing the relevant calculations. this course builds on the foundations of the first course and introduces more advanced topics along with more advanced applications and solved problems. the course is designed with a content-based approach, i. e. by solving examples, as many as possible from real life situations. blmler blm 1: summary of multivar i, integral in circular coordinates blm 2: topics of derivative applications blm 3: chain derivatives with multi variables and jacobian blm 4: surface and volume integrals in space blm 5: flux integrals in the plane blm 6: green in plane, stokes in space and green-gauss theorems blm 7: stokes and green-gauss theorem and nature conservation laws ----------- kaynak: attila akar, ok deikenli fonksiyonlarda trev ve entegral. bu kitap drt ciltlik dizinin ikinci cildidir. dizinin dier kitaplar cilt 1 tek deikenli fonksiyonlarda trev ve entegral, cilt 3: dorusal cebir ve cilt 4: diferansiyel denklemler dir. source: attila akar, calculus of multivariable functions, volume 2 of the set of vol1: calculus of single variable functions, volume 3: linear algebra and volume 4: differential equations. all available online starting on january 6, 2014 multivar 1in zeti, dairesel koordinatlarda entegraller . trev uygulamalarndan seme konular . ok deikenle zincirleme trev ve jakobiyan . uzayda yzey ve hacm entegralleri . dzlemde ak entegralleri . dzlemde green, uzayda stokes ve green-gauss teoremleri . stokes ve green-gauss teoremleri ve doann korunum yasalar . dnem sonu snav null null"
mooc	course		calculus one	"null calculus is about the very large, the very small, and how things change. the surprise is that something seemingly so abstract ends up explaining the real world. calculus plays a starring role in the biological, physical, and social sciences. by focusing outside of the classroom, we will see examples of calculus appearing in daily life. this course is a first and friendly introduction to calculus, suitable for someone who has never seen the subject before, or for someone who has seen some calculus but wants to review the concepts and practice applying those concepts to solve problems. welcome to calculus one . functions and limits . the end of limits . the beginning of derivatives . techniques of differentiation . chain rule . derivatives of transcendental (trigonometric) functions . derivatives in the real world . optimization . linear approximation . antidifferentiation . integration . fundamental theorem of calculus . substitution rule . techniques of integration . applications of integration null null"
mooc	course		career brand development and self-coaching	"null in this course, you will engage in developing and strengthening the functional component of your career brand. acting as your own chief executive officer (p. drucker), you will learn how to use strategic management models and techniques for enhancing your skills portfolio. you will learn how to increase your human capital by developing and documenting high-demand marketable skills. after completing this course, you will be able to: - implement business strategy and models and tools, such as benchmarking and swot analysis, for identifying and analyzing your competitive strengths and addressing competency gaps in a skill-based, competitive job selection context; - understand evidence-based, data-driven skill assessment methodologies and techniques; - select appropriate assessment tools and apply them for a thorough, accurate, evidence-based and data driven self-assessment of your transferable skills; - create your critical competency profile (the self-assessment grid for evaluation, or sage) and use it as an effective instrument for an objective, 360 degree self-assessment of your competitive strengths and competency gaps; - create and use an effective instrument for organizing, directing and monitoring your skill-building activities (the skill-building dashboard, or skill-builder); - develop an effective tool (the t-portfolio) for gathering and organizing samples of standards, best practices, assessment instruments and techniques in your chosen field; - effectively organize your self-management information system to systematically collect and analyze job-related data, evaluate and assess required competencies and skills, develop and implement plans for self-improvement, and monitor your progress; - develop and implement a realistic performance metric for your career development activities (your present job market value); - engage in self-coaching to support active self-development. harnessing the power of personal analytics for career branding . understanding assessment . mastering self-assessment . putting self-coaching to work . course review null null"
mooc	course		measuring causal effects in the social sciences	"null how can we know if the differences in wages between men and women are caused by discrimination or differences in background characteristics? in this phd-level course we look at causal effects as opposed to spurious relationships. we will discuss how they can be identified in the social sciences using quantitative data, and describe how this can help us understand social mechanisms. the nature of causal effects and how to measure them . the multivariate regression model and mediating factors . randomized controlled trials . instrumental variables . difference in difference null null"
mooc	course		chinese politics part 2  china and the world	"null one of the most significant changes in the world in the past 30 years is the opening of china to the outside world and its engagement with that world. in the initial years of the opening, external forces influenced chinas economy, regional balances, bureaucracy, as well as the political authority of local leaders in the coastal areas. more recently, the world is feeling the effects of a rising china which seeks resources and talent from all around the globe and uses its financial wealth to strengthen its position in the world. this course tracks the opening of china up from 1978 until it joins the wto, focusing on how the world affected chinas internal development. we then look at various aspects of chinas going out strategy  its search for energy, talent, as well as its relations with the united states and the states within the asia-pacific region. the instructor has been deeply engaged in research on all these topics, having lived in china during various stages of chinas opening to the outside world. please note that this course currently does not offer certificate. orientation and module 1 . module 2 . module 3 . module 4 . module 5 . final exam null null"
mooc	course		chinese politics part 1  china and political science	"null this course offers a conceptual framework for understanding china that highlights the intersection of politics and economics. it shows that rather than develop into a full blown market economy, state and party officials at all levels of the political system maintain significant influence in economic development. such a political economy has had both positive and negative outcomes, which we will assess in detail. we also look at the origins, views, backgrounds and relations among leaders, and how those leaders make decisions about public policy and try to get those decisions implemented down through the system. china has few formal institutions through which citizens can participate in politics, but we will study the strategies chinese people use to try to influence their leaders decisions. finally, we assess chinas future and whether rapid economic development and the emergence of a vibrant middle class will push china towards greater democracy or whether the single party system is likely to survive into the future. the course is a quite useful background for chinese politics part 2  china and the world. please note that this course currently does not offer certificate. orientation and module 1 . module 2 . module 3 . module 4 . module 5 . module 6 . exam null null"
mooc	course		classical sociological theory	"null this massive open online course (mooc) will offer the participants an introduction into the most important classical sociological readings between the 18th and 20th century. highly influential social science scholars, such as karl marx, max weber and emile durkheim, will be discussed during 8 sessions. combined with small tests, based on the videos and recommended readings, the participants will be encouraged to dive deeply into the complex texts and get familiar with classical sociological concepts that are still very relevant today. session 1: classical sociological theory - an introduction . session 2: bernard mandeville (1670-1733) and adam smith (1723-1790) . session 3: auguste comte (1798-1857) . session 4: alexis de tocqueville (1805-1859) . session 5: karl marx (1818-1883) . session 6: mile durkheim (1858-1917) . session 7: max weber (1864-1920) . session 8: norbert elias (1897-1990) . classical sociological theory final test null null"
mooc	course		turn down the heat: from climate science to action	"null each part of the world faces specific vulnerabilities to climate change and has different opportunities to mitigate the effects and build resilience in the 21st century. with the paris agreement at cop 21, the global community has signaled its intent to act. indeed, without climate action, decades of development progress are threatened, meaning that we are at a make it or break it point in time. this course presents the most recent scientific evidence, explains the different regional impacts and divulge climate action strategies, and some opportunities for you to take action on climate change. about the course this action-oriented mooc gives you the opportunity to learn about regional climate change impacts and sector-specific strategies to increase resilience and move towards a low-carbon future. you will have the opportunity to explore these issues in depth and tailor your learning experience for one or more of the following regions:  latin america and caribbean  sub-saharan africa  middle east and north africa  eastern europe and central asia  east asia and pacific  south asia to do this, the mooc brings together renowned scientists and policymakers to provide a synthesis of the most recent scientific evidence on climate change, regional low emissions and climate resilient development strategies across sectors, and an overview of the paris agreement and other outcomes of cop 21. course syllabus overview turn down the heat: from climate science to action is divided into four weeks. the first two weeks will provide a comprehensive overview of the scientific evidence for climate change, followed by region-specific insights on the impacts of a warmer world in the 21st century. the last two weeks will focus on action strategies that are being undertaken in different regions and countries to meet the climate challenge, and on how individuals can take action. week 1: climate change in the 21st century  historical and projected observed changes in the climate system, leading up to the end of the 21st century  the potential of intended nationally determined contributions (indcs) submitted at cop 21 from 187 countries to induce climate action  trends in climate change impacts, including loss of arctic sea ice, melting glaciers, increased heat waves and extreme temperatures, and drought and aridity  possible responses from natural systems, explaining how warming could result in sea-level rise, heat waves and extreme temperatures, and ocean acidification week 2: sectoral and regional impacts  impacts on key development sectorsfrom warming above pre-industrial temperatures and projected climate trendsacross each of the worlds regions  sectoral impacts focusing on agricultural production, water resources, ecosystem services, and coastal vulnerability for affected populations  importance of risks with the potential to reverse hard-won development gains and potentially trap millions in poverty, illustrating the need for urgent action now week 3: from science to action on climate change  region-specific discussions on mitigation actions needed to reduce emissions while decreasing vulnerability to climate change impacts through adaptation and by building climate resilience  perspectives from regional experts on their experiences in strategies and actions proposed in each region to help transition towards a low-emissions, climate-resilient development path week 4: what you can do  transformative impact of day-to-day changes when brought to a global scale  the rationale for acting now, acting together and acting differently  examples and expected benefits of mitigation and adaptation policies, considering both contributions to global emission reductions and local development opportunities course format this mooc has a week-by-week structure, with resources, activities and exercises for you to engage in during each of the four weeks of the course. each week, you will find a variety of course material, including:  interactive video talks by renowned climate scientists and practitioners  resources: core, optional (deep dive) and fun interactives on the weeks theme  quizzes that check your knowledge, reinforce the lessons material and provide immediate feedback  assignments that will sharpen your skills of analysis, reflection and communication  discussion forums and social media that enable collaboration with others from around the world, enriching interaction among participants  a live interactive google hangouts on air with international experts, who will engage in a q&amp;a session on climate change  as a final project, you will create a digital artifact climate change in the 21st century . sectoral and regional impacts . from science to action on climate change . what you can do null null"
mooc	course		data management for clinical research	"null this course presents critical concepts and practical methods to support planning, collection, storage, and dissemination of data in clinical research. understanding and implementing solid data management principles is critical for any scientific domain. regardless of your current (or anticipated) role in the research enterprise, a strong working knowledge and skill set in data management principles and practice will increase your productivity and improve your science. our goal is to use these modules to help you learn and practice this skill set. this course assumes very little current knowledge of technology other than how to operate a web browser. we will focus on practical lessons, short quizzes, and hands-on exercises as we explore together best practices for data management. research data collection strategy . electronic data capture fundamentals . planning a data strategy for a prospective study . practicing what weve learned: implementation . post-study activities and other considerations . data collection with surveys null null"
mooc	course		"cloud computing applications, part 2"	"null about the course learn about cloudonomics, the underlying economic reasons that we are creating the cloud. learn the basic concepts underlying cloud services and be able to use services like aws or openstack dashboard to construct cloud services or applications. demonstrate your ability to create web services, massively parallel data intensive computations using map/reduce, nosql databases, and real-time processing of real-time data streams. use machine learning tools to solve simple problems. this course serves as an introduction to building applications for cloud computing based on emerging openstack and other platforms. the course includes concepts of: baremetal provisioning, neutron networking, identity service, image service, orchestration, infrastructure as a service, software as a service, platform as a service, mapreduce, big data, analytics, and privacy and legal issues. the course will also include example problems and solutions to cloud computing, including hands-on laboratory experiments (load balancing and web services, mapreduce, hive, storm, and mahout). case studies will be drawn from yahoo, google, twitter, facebook, data mining, analytics, and machine learning.  null null"
mooc	course		"cloud computing applications, part 1"	"null about the course learn about cloudonomics, the underlying economic reasons that we are creating the cloud. learn the basic concepts underlying cloud services and be able to use services like aws or openstack dashboard to construct cloud services or applications. demonstrate your ability to create web services, massively parallel data intensive computations using map/reduce, nosql databases, and real-time processing of real-time data streams. use machine learning tools to solve simple problems. this course serves as an introduction to building applications for cloud computing based on emerging openstack and other platforms. the course includes concepts of: baremetal provisioning, neutron networking, identity service, image service, orchestration, infrastructure as a service, software as a service, platform as a service, mapreduce, big data, analytics, and privacy and legal issues. the course will also include example problems and solutions to cloud computing, including hands-on laboratory experiments (load balancing and web services, mapreduce, hive, storm, and mahout). case studies will be drawn from yahoo, google, twitter, facebook, data mining, analytics, and machine learning.  null null"
mooc	course		cluster analysis in data mining	"null discover the basic concepts of cluster analysis, and then study a set of typical clustering methodologies, algorithms, and applications. this includes partitioning methods such as k-means, hierarchical methods such as birch, and density-based methods such as dbscan/optics. moreover, learn methods for clustering validation and evaluation of clustering quality. finally, see examples of cluster analysis in applications.  null null"
mooc	course		codapps: coding mobile apps for entrepreneurs	"null this course will teach you how to create mobile apps for android, ios and windows phone. no prerequisite in coding knowledge is required. in progressive steps, we will first learn how to create a simple and useful app: your own curriculum vitae. we will discover how to test the app on phones, and how to distribute it on the play store, apples app store and the windows store. later in the course, we will also cover the basics of coding, because it will enable us to create richer apps with more functions: storing text and data on the phone, connecting to the internet, and other useful features. this course is created to make you able to create your own apps, fully functional and for all major mobile platforms. this is useful if you have a business project which involves launching an app, or to get acquainted with mobile technologies in an easy and hands-on manner. 1. installation of useful tools for the course . 2. how to add text, pics, links and extra screens to your app . 3. designing your app . 4. testing your app on a phone / distributing it on a store . 5. initiation to coding to create an amazing app . 6. creating successfull apps: roar like a lion . 7. creating successful apps: receive roars and add useful functions to your app . 8. wrap up and next steps null null"
mooc	course		introduction to communication science	"null since antiquity, scholars have appreciated the importance of communication: as social beings, we cannot exist without communication. we need to interact with people around us, to make sense of the world and to position ourselves in a wider social and cultural reality. in this course, we look at how and why communication evolved as a science and reflect on todays dominant paradigms. the course also extends beyond the boundaries of communication science itself, exploring dimensions of history, sociology and psychology. join our class, together with people all over the world. introduction to communication science explores some of the basic theories, models and concepts from the fields of mass, interpersonal and intrapersonal communication. the course begins with a consideration of several basic models, subsequently progressing to the history of communication theory, linear effect-oriented theories, the reception approach and, finally, exploring theories on the production and reinforcement of culture through communication. upon completion of this course, students should:  have knowledge of the history and development of communication science;  have knowledge of the dominant theoretical approaches within communication science;  have knowledge and understanding of the most important models and concepts in this field. beginning the week of february 16, 2015, you will be able to join signature track, a system that verifies your identity when you take an exam. this option will allow you to earn a verified certificate, which provides formal recognition of your achievements in the course and includes the university of amsterdam logo. before then, you can complete a test run of the exam. you can then re-take the exam after the verified certificate becomes available. for information regarding verified certificates, see https://courserahelp.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/201212399-verified-certificates the beginnings of communication science . technical approaches to communication science . cultural and social approaches to communication science . final exam null null"
mooc	course		copyright for multimedia	"null copyright questions about different formats (data, images, music and video) can be especially difficult. sometimes the law specifically distinguishes between these different formats, and in most cases there are media-specific considerations that impact a copyright analysis. in this course we will look at four different media, paying special attention to the unique issues for each one and the kinds of information that is important when making copyright decisions for each type of material. we will work through fair use issues for each multimedia format, look at format-specific exceptions in the law, and consider unique issues for seeking permission for film, music, images and data. at the end of this course, participants will have a deeper understanding of how to apply our framework for making copyright decisions, and will be more comfortable with assessing multimedia issues. they will have gained more and more diverse experience for considering fair use. introduction and getting started . data . images . music and audio . film and video null null"
mooc	course		country level economics: macroeconomic variables and markets	"null this course discusses how macroeconomic variables affect individuals personal, professional, and public activities and lays the foundation for the analysis of the mechanisms that drive macroeconomic variables. it start in its first module by introducing the key macroeconomic variables and explaining how they are defined and measured in order to enable the students to interpret macroeconomic data properly. in the second module, the course offers a perspective for separating out various parts of the economy driven by different processes and for combining those components to develop a richer view of the whole. in particular, it applies this approach to the analysis of the relationship of the trade deficit with the budget deficit and private savings, offering insights about some key determinants of the balance of payments. the third and fourth modules focus on the analyses of the foreign currency and money markets to provide fundamental models of the interest rate and exchange rate determination. they also discuss how these variables interact with each other and with the macroeconomic conditions, particularly monetary policy and the expectations about the future trends in the economy. these analyses lay the foundation for more comprehensive models of the macroeconomy in the next course of the managerial economics and business analysis specialization. at the end of this course, you will be able to:  systematically assess the national and international economic environment in which you live and work.  analyze macroeconomic issues using key tools.  be a more effective professional in your line of activity. this course is part of the imba offered by the university of illinois, a flexible, fully-accredited online mba at an incredibly competitive price. for more information, please see the resource page in this course and onlinemba.illinois.edu. course orientation . module 1: key macroeconomic indicators and their measurement . module 2: gdp components, twin deficits, and balance of payments . module 3: the foreign exchange market . module 4: money, interest rate, and the exchange rate null null"
mooc	course		business english for cross-cultural communication	"null this course aims to prepare you for working in an cross-cultural business setting. well learn about common cross-cultural theories and how they are relevant to everyday business practices in a globalised world. by combining all of your vocabulary, reading, speaking, and writing skills that you acquired in the previous three courses, you will learn how language plays an important role in cross-cultural communication. you will also enhance your cross-cultural understanding and will be able to use vocabulary, tone and style, and spoken and written communication skills within a cross-cultural business context. skills learned in this course help prepare you to deliver the professional business presentation in the capstone project. after completing this course, you will be able to: - identify possible cross-cultural issues and misunderstandings in communication - apply strategies to overcome possible cross-cultural issues and misunderstandings in communication - produce documents with an appropriate style for business communication purposes within a cross-cultural situation - deliver a speech with an appropriate style for business communication purposes within a cross-cultural situation welcome module . what is culture? . culture and communication strategies . culture and management communication . culture, application and ethics . concluding module null null"
mooc	course		mastering the software engineering interview	"null youve hit a major milestone as a computer scientist and are becoming a capable programmer. you now know how to solve problems, write algorithms, and analyze solutions; and you have a wealth of tools (like data structures) at your disposal. you may now be ready for an internship or (possibly) an entry-level software engineering job. but can you land the internship/job? it depends in part on how well you can solve new technical problems and communicate during interviews. how can you get better at this? practice! with the support of googles recruiting and engineering teams weve provided tips, examples, and practice opportunities in this course that may help you with a number of tech companies. well assist you to organize into teams to practice. lastly, well give you basic job search advice, and tips for succeeding once youre on the job. welcome &amp; what is a software engineering interview? . live coding: the technical phone interview and beyond . explaining what youve already done . algorithmic thinking on the fly null null"
mooc	course		dairy production and management	"null with the worlds first mooooo-c, you will gain a broad and comprehensive understanding of all aspects of dairy management such as genetics, nutrition, reproduction, animal health, farm economics, and sustainability of dairy production systems. theres something here for everyone whether you are just looking for the basics or have years of experience in the dairy industry. this is an eight-week course. each week consists of four to nine video lectures, additional reading materials, and a multiple-choice questions quiz. estimated study time is between three and five hours per week. learners have the option to purchase a course certificate for 49.00 usd. the certificate can be purchased at any time, but you must verify your identify before taking the course quizzes in order to be eligible. for those who cannot afford the certificate fee, financial aid is available through coursera. why is producing milk efficiently and sustainably so important? milk provides humans with over 16 essential nutrients, such as: energy, protein and essential amino acids, vitamin a, vitamin d, several b vitamins, including b12, pantothenic and folic acids, and essential minerals such as calcium, magnesium, phosphorus, potassium, zinc, as well as other minerals. did you know that one glass of milk provides a 5-year old child with 21% of his/her daily protein requirements and 8% of their energy needs? most milk in the world, about 85%, is produced from cattle. however, water buffaloes, goats, sheep, and camel are also dairy animals. the united states, india, the european union, brazil, and new zealand are among the largest dairy producers in the world. yet among these dairy-producing countries there are varied methods to generate milk with highly variable productivity and efficiency. dairy production is vital for the survival of billions of people. globally, around 150 million small-scale dairy households, equivalent to 750 million people, are engaged in milk production. the number and size of dairy farms varies among countries, but in india alone, there are estimated 78 million dairy farms! in the united states, one of the leading milk-producing countries in the world, total milk production has been steadily increasing in the last decades, reaching over 205 billion pounds (93 billion kilograms) in 2014. this was accompanied by a steady increase in average milk yield per cow, reaching 22,260 lb (over 10,100 kg) per lactation in 2014. how has this efficiency been achieved? what methods are necessary to ensure production of high quality milk? how do we balance milk production efficiency with animal health and environmental protection? this course will provide the student with information to better understand dairy production systems and their role in feeding the world population. in this mooooo-c, you will learn about the dairy enterprise from internationally recognized dairy science professors who have delivered highly regarded dairy education programs within the united states and internationally. course sponsors this course was supported by the generous contributions of pancosma north america and rp nutrients, inc., which provided funding support at a bronze level. the pennsylvania state university has final responsibility for the academic content of this course. orientation and dairy genetics . forage production and pasture management . feeds, hay and silage making, and feed processing . nutrition basics, requirements, and feeding of lactating cows . calf and heifer nutrition and feeding of dry cows . dairy reproduction . animal health and milk quality . farm economics and environment null null"
mooc	course		data analysis and interpretation capstone	"null the capstone project will allow you to continue to apply and refine the data analytic techniques learned from the previous courses in the specialization to address an important issue in society. you will use real world data to complete a project with our industry and academic partners. for example, you can work with our industry partner, drivendata, to help them solve some of the worlds biggest social challenges! drivendata at www.drivendata.org, is committed to bringing cutting-edge practices in data science and crowdsourcing to some of the worlds biggest social challenges and the organizations taking them on. or, you can work with our other industry partner, the connection (www.theconnectioninc.org) to help them better understand recidivism risk for people on parole seeking substance use treatment. for more than 40 years, the connection has been one of connecticuts leading private, nonprofit human service and community development agencies. each month, thousands of people are assisted by the connections diverse behavioral health, family support and community justice programs. the connections institute for innovative practice was created in 2010 to bridge the gap between researchers and practitioners in the behavioral health and criminal justice fields with the goal of developing maximally effective, evidence-based treatment programs. a major component of the capstone project is for you to be able to choose the information from your analyses that best conveys results and implications, and to tell a compelling story with this information. by the end of the course, you will have a professional quality report of your findings that can be shown to colleagues and potential employers to demonstrate the skills you learned by completing the specialization.  null null"
mooc	course		data analysis tools	"null in this course, you will develop and test hypotheses about your data. you will learn a variety of statistical tests, as well as strategies to know how to apply the appropriate one to your specific data and question. using your choice of two powerful statistical software packages (sas or python), you will explore anova, chi-square, and pearson correlation analysis. this course will guide you through basic statistical principles to give you the tools to answer questions you have developed. throughout the course, you will share your progress with others to gain valuable feedback and provide insight to other learners about their work. hypothesis testing and anova . chi square test of independence . pearson correlation . exploring statistical interactions null null"
mooc	course		getting and cleaning data	"null before you can work with data you have to get some. this course will cover the basic ways that data can be obtained. the course will cover obtaining data from the web, from apis, from databases and from colleagues in various formats. it will also cover the basics of data cleaning and how to make data tidy. tidy data dramatically speed downstream data analysis tasks. the course will also cover the components of a complete data set including raw data, processing instructions, codebooks, and processed data. the course will cover the basics needed for collecting, cleaning, and sharing data. week 1 . week 2 . week 3 . week 4 null null"
mooc	course		combining and analyzing complex data	"null in this course you will learn how to use survey weights to estimate descriptive statistics, like means and totals, and more complicated quantities like model parameters for linear and logistic regressions. software capabilities will be covered with r receiving particular emphasis. the course will also cover the basics of record linkage and statistical matchingboth of which are becoming more important as ways of combining data from different sources. combining of datasets raises ethical issues which the course reviews. informed consent may have to be obtained from persons to allow their data to be linked. you will learn about differences in the legal requirements in different countries.  null null"
mooc	course		framework for data collection and analysis	"null this course will provide you with an overview over existing data products and a good understanding of the data collection landscape. with the help of various examples you will learn how to identify which data sources likely matches your research question, how to turn your research question into measurable pieces, and how to think about an analysis plan. furthermore this course will provide you with a general framework that allows you to not only understand each step required for a successful data collection and analysis, but also help you to identify errors associated with different data sources. you will learn some metrics to quantify each potential error, and thus you will have tools at hand to describe the quality of a data source. finally we will introduce different large scale data collection efforts done by private industry and government agencies, and review the learned concepts through these examples. this course is suitable for beginners as well as those that know about one particular data source, but not others, and are looking for a general framework to evaluate data products. research designs and data sources . measurements and analysis plan . quality framework . application of tse framework to existing surveys null null"
mooc	course		"data collection: online, telephone and face-to-face"	"null this course presents research conducted to increase our understanding of how data collection decisions affect survey errors. this is not a howto-do-it course on data collection, but instead reviews the literature on survey design decisions and data quality in order to sensitize learners to how alternative survey designs might impact the data obtained from those surveys. the course reviews a range of survey data collection methods that are both interview-based (face-to-face and telephone) and self-administered (paper questionnaires that are mailed and those that are implemented online, i.e. as web surveys). mixed mode designs are also covered as well as several hybrid modes for collecting sensitive information e.g., self-administering the sensitive questions in what is otherwise a face-to-face interview. the course also covers newer methods such as mobile web and sms (text message) interviews, and examines alternative data sources such as social media. it concentrates on the impact these techniques have on the quality of survey data, including error from measurement, nonresponse, and coverage, and assesses the tradeoffs between these error sources when researchers choose a mode or survey design. module 1: introduction, classic modes of survey data collection . module 2: self-administration, online data collection . module 3: interviewers and interviewing . module 4: emerging modes, new data sources null null"
mooc	course		research data management and sharing	"null this course will provide learners with an introduction to research data management and sharing. after completing this course, learners will understand the diversity of data and their management needs across the research data lifecycle, be able to identify the components of good data management plans, and be familiar with best practices for working with data including the organization, documentation, and storage and security of data. learners will also understand the impetus and importance of archiving and sharing data as well as how to assess the trustworthiness of repositories. today, an increasing number of funding agencies, journals, and other stakeholders are requiring data producers to share, archive, and plan for the management of their data. in order to respond to these requirements, researchers and information professionals will need the data management and curation knowledge and skills that support the long-term preservation, access, and reuse of data. effectively managing data can also help optimize research outputs, increase the impact of research, and support open scientific inquiry. after completing this course, learners will be better equipped to manage data throughout the entire research data lifecycle from project planning to the end of the project when data ideally are shared and made available within a trustworthy repository. this course was developed by the curating research assets and data using lifecycle education (cradle) project in collaboration with edina at the university of edinburgh. this course was made possible in part by the institute of museum and library services under award #re-06-13-0052-13. the views, findings, conclusions or recommendations expressed in this research data management and sharing mooc do not necessarily represent those of the institute of museum and library services. hashtag: #rdmsmooc understanding research data . data management planning . working with data . sharing data . archiving data null null"
mooc	course		data manipulation at scale: systems and algorithms	"null data analysis has replaced data acquisition as the bottleneck to evidence-based decision making --- we are drowning in it. extracting knowledge from large, heterogeneous, and noisy datasets requires not only powerful computing resources, but the programming abstractions to use them effectively. the abstractions that emerged in the last decade blend ideas from parallel databases, distributed systems, and programming languages to create a new class of scalable data analytics platforms that form the foundation for data science at realistic scales. in this course, you will learn the landscape of relevant systems, the principles on which they rely, their tradeoffs, and how to evaluate their utility against your requirements. you will learn how practical systems were derived from the frontier of research in computer science and what systems are coming on the horizon. cloud computing, sql and nosql databases, mapreduce and the ecosystem it spawned, spark and its contemporaries, and specialized systems for graphs and arrays will be covered. you will also learn the history and context of data science, the skills, challenges, and methodologies the term implies, and how to structure a data science project. at the end of this course, you will be able to: learning goals: 1. describe common patterns, challenges, and approaches associated with data science projects, and what makes them different from projects in related fields. 2. identify and use the programming models associated with scalable data manipulation, including relational algebra, mapreduce, and other data flow models. 3. use database technology adapted for large-scale analytics, including the concepts driving parallel databases, parallel query processing, and in-database analytics 4. evaluate key-value stores and nosql systems, describe their tradeoffs with comparable systems, the details of important examples in the space, and future trends. 5. think in mapreduce to effectively write algorithms for systems including hadoop and spark. you will understand their limitations, design details, their relationship to databases, and their associated ecosystem of algorithms, extensions, and languages. write programs in spark 6. describe the landscape of specialized big data systems for graphs, arrays, and streams data science context and concepts . relational databases and the relational algebra . mapreduce and parallel dataflow programming . nosql: systems and concepts . graph analytics null null"
mooc	course		data mining capstone	"null this six-week long capstone course of the data mining specialization will allow you to apply the learned algorithms and techniques for data mining from the previous courses in the specialization, including pattern discovery, clustering, text retrieval, text mining, and visualization, to solve interesting real-world data mining challenges. specifically, you will work on a restaurant review data set from yelp and use all the knowledge and skills youve learned from the previous courses to mine this data set to discover interesting and useful knowledge. the design of the capstone emphasizes: 1) simulating the workflow of a data miner in a real job setting; 2) integrating different mining techniques covered in multiple individual courses; 3) experimenting with different ways to solve a problem to deepen your understanding of techniques; and 4) allowing you to propose and explore your own ideas creatively. the goal of the capstone project is to analyze and mine a large yelp review data set to discover useful knowledge to help people make decisions in dining. the project will include the following outputs: 1. opinion visualization: explore and visualize the review content to understand what people have said in those reviews. 2. cuisine map construction: mine the data set to understand the landscape of different types of cuisines and their similarities. 3. discovery of popular dishes for a cuisine: mine the data set to discover the common/popular dishes of a particular cuisine. 4. recommendation of restaurants to help people decide where to dine: mine the data set to rank restaurants for a specific dish and predict the hygiene condition of a restaurant. from the perspective of users, a cuisine map can help them understand what cuisines are there and see the big picture of all kinds of cuisines and their relations. once they decide what cuisine to try, they would be interested in knowing what the popular dishes of that cuisine are and decide what dishes to have. finally, they will need to choose a restaurant. thus, recommending restaurants based on a particular dish would be useful. moreover, predicting the hygiene condition of a restaurant would also be helpful. by working on these tasks, you will gain experience with a typical workflow in data mining that includes data preprocessing, data exploration, data analysis, improvement of analysis methods, and presentation of results. you will have an opportunity to combine multiple algorithms from different courses to complete a relatively complicated mining task and experiment with different ways to solve a problem to understand the best way to solve it. we will suggest specific approaches, but you are highly encouraged to explore your own ideas since open exploration is, by design, a goal of the capstone. you are required to submit a brief report for each of the tasks for peer grading. a final consolidated report is also required, which will be peer-graded, and the top 20 reports, as evaluated by peer review, will also be judged by an industry expert committee who will select 10 of the reports as the best capstone projects. the industry expert committee is composed of multiple relevant industry experts representing different companies.  null null"
mooc	course		pattern discovery in data mining	"null learn the general concepts of data mining along with basic methodologies and applications. then dive into one subfield in data mining: pattern discovery. learn in-depth concepts, methods, and applications of pattern discovery in data mining. we will also introduce methods for data-driven phrase mining and some interesting applications of pattern discovery. this course provides you the opportunity to learn skills and content to practice and engage in scalable pattern discovery methods on massive transactional data, discuss pattern evaluation measures, and study methods for mining diverse kinds of patterns, sequential patterns, and sub-graph patterns.  null null"
mooc	course		developing data products	"null a data product is the production output from a statistical analysis. data products automate complex analysis tasks or use technology to expand the utility of a data informed model, algorithm or inference. this course covers the basics of creating data products using shiny, r packages, and interactive graphics. the course will focus on the statistical fundamentals of creating a data product that can be used to tell a story about data to a mass audience. week 1: shiny and rcharts . week 2 . week 3 . course project null null"
mooc	course		communicating data science results	"null important note: the second assignment in this course covers the topic of graph analysis in the cloud, in which you will use elastic mapreduce and the pig language to perform graph analysis over a moderately large dataset, about 600gb. in order to complete this assignment, you will need to make use of amazon web services (aws). amazon has generously offered to provide up to $50 in free aws credit to each learner in this course to allow you to complete the assignment. further details regarding the process of receiving this credit are available in the welcome message for the course, as well as in the assignment itself. please note that amazon, university of washington, and coursera cannot reimburse you for any charges if you exhaust your credit. while we believe that this assignment contributes an excellent learning experience in this course, we understand that some learners may be unable or unwilling to use aws. we are unable to issue course certificates for learners who do not complete the assignment that requires use of aws. as such, you should not pay for a course certificate in communicating data results if you are unable or unwilling to use aws, as you will not be able to successfully complete the course without doing so. making predictions is not enough! effective data scientists know how to explain and interpret their results, and communicate findings accurately to stakeholders to inform business decisions. visualization is the field of research in computer science that studies effective communication of quantitative results by linking perception, cognition, and algorithms to exploit the enormous bandwidth of the human visual cortex. in this course you will learn to recognize, design, and use effective visualizations. just because you can make a prediction and convince others to act on it doesnt mean you should. in this course you will explore the ethical considerations around big data and how these considerations are beginning to influence policy and practice. you will learn the foundational limitations of using technology to protect privacy and the codes of conduct emerging to guide the behavior of data scientists. you will also learn the importance of reproducibility in data science and how the commercial cloud can help support reproducible research even for experiments involving massive datasets, complex computational infrastructures, or both. learning goals: after completing this course, you will be able to: 1. design and critique visualizations 2. explain the state-of-the-art in privacy, ethics, governance around big data and data science 3. use cloud computing to analyze large datasets in a reproducible way. visualization . privacy and ethics . reproducibility and cloud computing null null"
mooc	course		a crash course in data science	"null by now you have definitely heard about data science and big data. in this one-week class, we will provide a crash course in what these terms mean and how they play a role in successful organizations. this class is for anyone who wants to learn what all the data science action is about, including those who will eventually need to manage data scientists. the goal is to get you up to speed as quickly as possible on data science without all the fluff. weve designed this course to be as convenient as possible without sacrificing any of the essentials. this is a focused course designed to rapidly get you up to speed on the field of data science. our goal was to make this as convenient as possible for you without sacrificing any essential content. weve left the technical information aside so that you can focus on managing your team and moving it forward. after completing this course you will know. 1. how to describe the role data science plays in various contexts 2. how statistics, machine learning, and software engineering play a role in data science 3. how to describe the structure of a data science project 4. know the key terms and tools used by data scientists 5. how to identify a successful and an unsuccessful data science project 3. the role of a data science manager course cover image by r2hox. creative commons by-sa: https://flic.kr/p/gdmuht a crash course in data science null null"
mooc	course		data science capstone	"null the capstone project class will allow students to create a usable/public data product that can be used to show your skills to potential employers. projects will be drawn from real-world problems and will be conducted with industry, government, and academic partners.  null null"
mooc	course		the data scientists toolbox	"null in this course you will get an introduction to the main tools and ideas in the data scientists toolbox. the course gives an overview of the data, questions, and tools that data analysts and data scientists work with. there are two components to this course. the first is a conceptual introduction to the ideas behind turning data into actionable knowledge. the second is a practical introduction to the tools that will be used in the program like version control, markdown, git, github, r, and rstudio. week 1 . week 2: installing the toolbox . week 3: conceptual issues . week 4: course project submission &amp; evaluation null null"
mooc	course		data structures	"null a good algorithm usually comes together with a set of good data structures that allow the algorithm to manipulate the data efficiently. in this course, we consider the common data structures that are used in various computational problems. you will learn how these data structures are implemented in different programming languages and will practice implementing them in our programming assignments. this will help you to understand what is going on inside a particular built-in implementation of a data structure and what to expect from it. you will also learn typical use cases for these data structures. a few examples of questions that we are going to cover in this class are the following: 1. what is a good strategy of resizing a dynamic array? 2. how priority queues are implemented in c++, java, and python? 3. how to implement a hash table so that the amortized running time of all operations is o(1) on average? 4. what are good strategies to keep a binary tree balanced? you will also learn how services like dropbox manage to upload some large files instantly and to save a lot of storage space! basic data structures . priority queues and disjoint sets . hash tables . binary search trees . binary search trees 2 null null"
mooc	course		data management and visualization	"null whether being used to customize advertising to millions of website visitors or streamline inventory ordering at a small restaurant, data is becoming more integral to success. too often, were not sure how use data to find answers to the questions that will make us more successful in what we do. in this course, you will discover what data is and think about what questions you have that can be answered by the data  even if youve never thought about data before. based on existing data, you will learn to develop a research question, describe the variables and their relationships, calculate basic statistics, and present your results clearly. by the end of the course, you will be able to use powerful data analysis tools  either sas or python  to manage and visualize your data, including how to deal with missing data, variable groups, and graphs. throughout the course, you will share your progress with others to gain valuable feedback, while also learning how your peers use data to answer their own questions. selecting a research question . writing your first program - sas or python . managing data . visualizing data . supplemental materials (all weeks) null null"
mooc	course		database management essentials	"null database management essentials provides the foundation you need for a career in database development, data warehousing, or business intelligence, as well as for the entire data warehousing for business intelligence specialization. in this course, you will create relational databases, write sql statements to extract information to satisfy business reporting requests, create entity relationship diagrams (erds) to design databases, and analyze table designs for excessive redundancy. as you develop these skills, you will use either oracle or mysql to execute sql statements and a database diagramming tool such as the er assistant to create erds. weve designed this course to ensure a common foundation for specialization learners. everyone taking the course can jump right in with writing sql statements in oracle or mysql. course introduction . introduction to databases and dbmss . relational data model and the create table statement . basic query formulation with sql . extended query formulation with sql . notation for entity relationship diagrams . erd rules and problem solving . developing business data models . data modeling problems and completion of an erd . schema conversion . normalization concepts and practice null null"
mooc	course		data science at scale - capstone project	"null in the capstone, students will engage on a real world project requiring them to apply skills from the entire data science pipeline: preparing, organizing, and transforming data, constructing a model, and evaluating results. through a collaboration with coursolve, each capstone project is associated with partner stakeholders who have a vested interest in your results and are eager to deploy them in practice. these projects will not be straightforward and the outcome is not prescribed -- you will need to tolerate ambiguity and negative results! but we believe the experience will be rewarding and will better prepare you for data science projects in practice.  null null"
mooc	course		data visualization	"null learn the general concepts of data mining along with basic methodologies and applications. then dive into one subfield in data mining: pattern discovery. learn in-depth concepts, methods, and applications of pattern discovery in data mining. we will also introduce methods for pattern-based classification and some interesting applications of pattern discovery. this course provides you the opportunity to learn skills and content to practice and engage in scalable pattern discovery methods on massive transactional data, discuss pattern evaluation measures, and study methods for mining diverse kinds of patterns, sequential patterns, and sub-graph patterns. course orientation . week 1: the computer and the human . week 2: visualization of numerical data . week 3: visualization of non-numerical data . week 4: the visualization dashboard null null"
mooc	course		federalism &amp; decentralization: evaluating africas track record	"null in this political science course you will learn about the twin concepts of federalism and decentralization. you will develop an understanding of the core ideas that federalism and decentralization rest on, and study the building blocks that make them both work. following a general overview of both federalism and decentralization, we will examine a number of case-studies from africa where federalism and decentralization have been changing the continents political landscape in the last twenty years, coinciding with unprecedented levels of economic growth. what is federalism and how is it different from decentralization? what are the core ideas behind these concepts? do federalism and decentralization enhance democracy, governance and diversity? is that why virtually all countries south of the sahara are now either federal or decentralized? we will be looking at africas track-record in order to answer these questions. by the end of the course, you will have acquired a general knowledge of federalism/decentralization and additional empirical knowledge of a number of african cases. upon completion you will also acquire the ability to unpack and understand a variety of potential consequences of federalism/decentralization reforms in the developing world. welcome! the three promises of federalism and decentralization . core ideas in federalism and decentralization . the building blocks of federalism and decentralization . federalism in post-conflict societies . decentralization, democracy and economic development . critical issues in federalism and decentralization . further exploration and resources null null"
mooc	course		demand management: breaking down todays commercial silos	"null the biggest challenge facing the hospitality industry over the next 5 years is the lack of integration between the key commercial disciplines of sales, revenue, distribution and finance and the negative impact this will continue to have on delivering asset value and maximum profitability. this course, spread over 4 key modules: asset management demand generation digital marketing demand optimisation aims to break down these commercial silos and reveal the journey from long-term asset development through to short-term profit tactics and how commercial teams can align themselves throughout the organisation. created by snapshot, this course is hosted by a group of experienced industry guest lecturers in their fields of expertise and includes an ideal mix of accessible theory and practical exercises and simulations. snapshot is a hotel demand management company that specializes in helping hotels aggregate and use their data. we provide useful tools as well as innovative education and coaching services to empower hotels to take informed decisions in managing their demand to increase profits. asset management . demand generation . online marketing . revenue management null null"
mooc	course		"designing, running, and analyzing experiments"	"null you will never know whether you have an effective user experience until you have tested it with users. in this course, youll learn how to design experiments, how to run experiments, and how to analyze data from these experiments in order to evaluate and validate user experiences. you will work through real-world examples of experiments from the fields of ixd and hci, understanding issues in experiment design and analysis. you will analyze multiple data sets using recipes given to you in the r statistical programming language -- no prior programming experience is assumed or required. by the end of the course, you will be able to knowledgeably design, run, and analyze your own experiments for putting empirical and statistical weight behind your designs. basic experiment design concepts . user preferences: tests of proportions . website a/b tests: the t-test . validity in design and analysis . task completion in authoring tools: one-factor between-subjects experiments . human search performance: one-factor within-subjects experiments . smartphone text entry: factorial experiment designs . generalizing the response . the power of mixed effects models null null"
mooc	course		a developers guide to the internet of things (iot)	"null &gt;&gt;&gt; by enrolling in this course you agree to the end user license agreement as set out in the faq. once enrolled you can access the license in the resources area &lt;&lt;&lt; the internet of things (iot) is an area of rapid growth and opportunity. technical innovations in networks, sensors and applications, coupled with the advent of smart machines have resulted in a huge diversity of devices generating all kinds of structured and unstructured data that needs to be processed somewhere. collecting and understanding that data, combining it with other sources of information and putting it to good use can be achieved by using connectivity, analytical and cognitive services now available on the cloud, allowing development and deployment of solutions to be achieved faster and more efficiently than ever before. this course is an entry level introduction to developing and deploying solutions for the internet of things. it will focus on capturing data from a trusted device and sending the data to a cloud platform where it can be exploited by the many services available. you will explore all the steps required to create a basic iot solution using a popular device, the raspberry pi, and a trial version of the cloud-based ibm watson iot platform. what you will learn: quickly create applications that leverage connectivity and analytics as part of an integrated iot platform. use node-red, an open-source visual application development environment, on both the device and the cloud. create a basic iot solution by leveraging pre-built blocks of code that abstracts and speeds the development process. use apis to access the platform and explore the different connectivity options for various devices, gateways and applications. explore options to ensure your solution makes best use of the captured data. what technology is required to complete the course? the programming assignments require you to have a raspberry pi device - any model of raspberry pi with a 40 pin header. the course also uses the sensehat extension board, whilst it is preferable to have a sensehat there is a simulator provided if you cant get a sensehat. you will need internet connectivity to download software, connect to the platform, develop and deploy your iot solution. your rasberry pi will need the latest rasbian jessie os. this os will be on a micro sd card. the recommended size of the sd card is 8gb but 4gb will do. note that the learner kit comes with a preconfigured sd card. in order to setup the micro sd card, you will need a computer with either a windows, apple or linux os. since most computer do not have a micro sd port, you will need a micro sd adapter or usb micro sd card adapter. your computer will also be used when working on the platform. to work on your raspberry pi, you will need an hdmi monitor or tv to work as the display for the raspberry pi (dvi monitor will also work). to connect the monitor to the raspberry pi you will need an hdmi cable (or a dvi to hdmi cable). your raspberry pi needs a way to connect to the internet; either an ethernet cable for connecting to the router, or a usb wifi dongle if you have wireless connectivity. note that the raspberry pi 3 includes built-in wifi a usb keyboard and mouse. your raspberry pi will also needs a 5v micro usb power supply i(this may be a phone charger for example) what prerequisite skills are required ? this is an entry level course, but does assume you have basic programming skills. the assignments set use both python and javascript programming languages, so some basic skill in these languages is required. no previous experience with ibm bluemix or the ibm watson iot platform is required. what additional resources do i need for this course? the server side code for the assignments will use the ibm bluemix cloud platform, so you will need to sign up for a free account on that platform. when your 30-day trial expires, you can enter a credit card to keep using bluemix. bluemix has a set amount of free resources available to users who have registered with their credit card. if you stay within these free resources limits you will not incur any charges. this is a good idea if you are planning to take longer than 30 days to complete the course, or if you have an existing trial account that that is about to expire and you need longer time on the platform to complete the course. introduction to the course . rapid application development in the cloud . rapid application development on a raspberry pi . lower level programming for the internet of things null null"
mooc	course		diabetes - a global challenge	"null diabetes and obesity are growing health problems in rich and poor countries alike. with this course you will get updated on cutting-edge diabetes and obesity research including biological, genetic and clinical aspects as well as prevention and epidemiology of diabetes and obesity. all provided by high-profile scientists from one the worlds leading universities in diabetes research. we hope you will enjoy our course best wishes jens juul holst, signe srensen torekov and nicolai wewer albrechtsen department of biomedical sciences novo nordisk foundation center for basic metabolic research faculty of health and medical sciences university of copenhagen introduction and epidemiology of diabetes . obesity and prevention of diabetes . physiological regulation of plasma glucose . the incretins . clinical manifestation of diabetes and treatment . inflammatory beta-cell destruction in diabetes . genetic aspects of diabetes . translational aspects . development of antidiabetic agents . stem cell based therapy of diabetes . peer graded assignment null null"
mooc	course		digital analytics for marketing professionals: marketing analytics in practice	"null this course builds on the theory and foundations of marketing analytics and focuses on practical application by demystifying the use of data in marketing and helping you realize the power of visualizing data with artful use of numbers found in the digital space. this course is part of the imba offered by the university of illinois, a flexible, fully-accredited online mba at an incredibly competitive price. for more information, please see the resource page in this course and onlinemba.illinois.edu. course overview and marketing analytics process . data collection . data analysis . data visualization null null"
mooc	course		fundamentals of digital image and video processing	"null in this class you will learn the basic principles and tools used to process images and videos, and how to apply them in solving practical problems of commercial and scientific interests. digital images and videos are everywhere these days  in thousands of scientific (e.g., astronomical, bio-medical), consumer, industrial, and artistic applications. moreover they come in a wide range of the electromagnetic spectrum - from visible light and infrared to gamma rays and beyond. the ability to process image and video signals is therefore an incredibly important skill to master for engineering/science students, software developers, and practicing scientists. digital image and video processing continues to enable the multimedia technology revolution we are experiencing today. some important examples of image and video processing include the removal of degradations images suffer during acquisition (e.g., removing blur from a picture of a fast moving car), and the compression and transmission of images and videos (if you watch videos online, or share photos via a social media website, you use this everyday!), for economical storage and efficient transmission. this course will cover the fundamentals of image and video processing. we will provide a mathematical framework to describe and analyze images and videos as two- and three-dimensional signals in the spatial, spatio-temporal, and frequency domains. in this class not only will you learn the theory behind fundamental processing tasks including image/video enhancement, recovery, and compression - but you will also learn how to perform these key processing tasks in practice using state-of-the-art techniques and tools. we will introduce and use a wide variety of such tools  from optimization toolboxes to statistical techniques. emphasis on the special role sparsity plays in modern image and video processing will also be given. in all cases, example images and videos pertaining to specific application domains will be utilized. introduction to image and video processing . signals and systems . fourier transform and sampling . motion estimation . image enhancement . image recovery: part 1 . image recovery : part 2 . lossless compression . image compression . video compression . image and video segmentation . sparsity null null"
mooc	course		algorithms for dna sequencing	"null we will learn computational methods -- algorithms and data structures -- for analyzing dna sequencing data. we will learn a little about dna, genomics, and how dna sequencing is used. we will use python to implement key algorithms and data structures and to analyze real genomes and dna sequencing datasets. dna sequencing, strings and matching . preprocessing, indexing and approximate matching . edit distance, assembly, overlaps . algorithms for assembly null null"
mooc	course		"doping : sports, organizations and sciences"	"null the objective of this course is to encourage a critical understanding of doping. to achieve this goal, this course will rely on a multidisciplinary approach that allow you to see how different disciplines get into a single object, in different perspectives and in often complementary ways. this approach will also allow us to appreciate the complexity of a subject like doping. doping in sports is a complex practice whose definition and identification is the result of socially and historically constructed norms. this course offers to shed light on the processes that led to the use and prohibition of doping substances. performance enhancement or physical transformation are two aspects of doping which are seen as problematic, yet even as we speak companies are making fortunes selling body improvement and other forms of human enhancement to us. these apparent contradictions will be analysed to show that beyond sanitary questions, doping raises many social, scientific and legal issues. in efforts to control doping, governments and sports authorities have put into place institutions responsible for defining what falls into the category of doping, but also what prevention, repressions and research methods to put into effect. this course will also explore biological control measures such as the biological passport, key legal dimensions, organisations that produce performance, as well as the sociological dimensions of doping. besides the professors of university of lausanne, the best experts of doping are involved in this course: experts from an anti-doping laboratory (lad- lausanne-switzerland), from the cas (court of arbitration for sport), from the uefa (soccer), and from the wada (world anti-doping agency). teaser: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v 20q3er_g7ru main learning outcomes at the end of the course the participants will be able to : 1. identify the cultural dimension of doping, that is as a historical practice linked to the transformation of social norms, 2. go from a binary way of thinking - for or against doping - to an understanding of the complexity of this phenomenon which is biological, psychological and sociological, all at the same time, 3. recognize the institutions, the actors and the practices of the fight against doping, 4. explain how the social and organisational context influences individuals decisions and how this influence can be reduced by effective prevention measures, 5. identify how the fight against doping is led and how testing is carried out. module 1- what is doping ? . module 2- why do athletes give in to doping? . module 3 - organizations and doping: prevention and repression . module 4 - bioanalytical and forensic approaches to doping null null"
mooc	course		programming and the web for beginners	"null in this course, you will use computers to creatively design web pages using html and css. you will then use javascript to develop programs and algorithms--ways to get the computer to solve problems. as you progress, you will master the programming process that will be used through the remainder of the courses in this specialization. after completing this course you will be able to: 1. make a web page with html and css; 2. explain the high-level process of developing a program; 3. think critically about how to solve a problem; 4. solve programming problems with javascript, including if/else and looping constructs; 5. use javascript to manipulate images and process data; and 6. recognize debugging as an application of the scientific method. by the end of this course, you will complete a mini-project where you will use javascript to create your own images algorithmically and a website you have built with html, css, and javascript. welcome to the course . what is a web page? . building a web page with html . css for styling a web page . learning to program in javascript . design principles for programming . finding information in data . mini-project: create your e-portfolio null null"
mooc	course		"data warehouse concepts, design, and data integration"	"null this is the second course in the data warehousing for business intelligence specialization. ideally, the courses should be taken in sequence. in this course, you will learn exciting concepts and skills for designing data warehouses and creating data integration workflows. these are fundamental skills for data warehouse developers and administrators. you will have hands-on experience for data warehouse design and use open source products for manipulating pivot tables and creating data integration workflows.you will also gain conceptual background about maturity models, architectures, multidimensional models, and management practices, providing an organizational perspective about data warehouse development. if you are currently a business or information technology professional and want to become a data warehouse designer or administrator, this course will give you the knowledge and skills to do that. by the end of the course, you will have the design experience, software background, and organizational context that prepares you to succeed with data warehouse development projects. in this course, you will create data warehouse designs and data integration workflows that satisfy the business intelligence needs of organizations. when youre done with this course, youll be able to: * evaluate an organization for data warehouse maturity and business architecture alignment; * create a data warehouse design and reflect on alternative design methodologies and design goals; * create data integration workflows using prominent open source software; * reflect on the role of change data, refresh constraints, refresh frequency trade-offs, and data quality goals in data integration process design; and * perform operations on pivot tables to satisfy typical business analysis requests using prominent open source software data warehouse concepts and architectures . multidimensional data representation and manipulation . data warehouse design practices and methodologies . data integration concepts, processes,and techniques . architectures, features, and details of data integration tools null null"
mooc	course		relational database support for data warehouses	"null relational database support for data warehouses is the third course in the data warehousing for business intelligence specialization. in this course, youll use analytical elements of sql for answering business intelligence questions. youll learn features of relational database management systems for managing summary data commonly used in business intelligence reporting. because of the importance and difficulty of managing implementations of data warehouses, well also delve into storage architectures, scalable parallel processing, data governance, and big data impacts. dbms extensions and example data warehouses . sql subtotal operators . sql analytic functions . materialized view processing and design . physical design and governance null null"
mooc	course		our earths future	"null our earths future is about the science of climate change and how to talk about it. you will learn from scientists in the fields of climatology, oceanography, earth science, and anthropology who study how climate change is affecting people, populations, and ways of life. explore the multiple lines of evidence for the human-induced climate change that is happening today, and consider what that means for the future of our planet. at the end of this course you will be able to understand key scientific principles, identify and address misconceptions, and contribute confidently to conversations about climate change. climate change is happening: see it . it all comes down to the ocean . climate change is happening: model it . living with climate change . mitigate, adapt, or suffer? null null"
mooc	course		ebola : vaincre ensemble !	"null il sagit dun mooc sur la crise internationale sur ebola partie dafrique de louest en 2014 ; dune dure de 5 semaines, o interviendront plus de 30 professeurs des universits, chercheurs, responsables politiques, autorits sanitaires nationales et internationales, membres dongs, et autres acteurs deurope et dafrique sur plus de 60 squences vidos. les thmes abords se drouleront selon une squence hebdomadaire dcrite ci-dessous (section  plan du cours ). le virus ebola qui a t  lorigine de lpidmie en afrique de louest est une souche zare, considre comme la plus dangereuse. cependant le spectre des tableaux cliniques rencontrs sest montr trs large : depuis des formes assez bnignes (pour environ 30% des infections), jusqu des formes trs svres, presque hors de toute ressources thrapeutiques et frquemment mortelles en une dizaine de jours en moyenne (environ 30%), en passant par des formes dune gravit dpendant de linfrastructure sanitaire responsable de leur prise en charge (cest--dire gnralement de bon pronostic en cas de bonne prise en charge diagnostique et thrapeutique). prs de 60% des contaminations en afrique avaient comme origine les rites funraires non scuriss. les personnels de sant exposs ont galement pay un trs lourd tribut  lpidmie. enfin les consquences non sanitaires, dordre social, politique et conomique de lpidmie ont t considrables, tant localement, que rgionalement ou internationalement. peu de pays ont connu  ce jour dimportants dveloppements de chanes de contaminations, en dehors de la guine, du libria et du sierra leone, mais la situation au mali  la fin novembre 2014 tait encore source dincertitude et dinquitude. les modles mathmatiques, sils ont t dun apport prcieux dans lclairage des politiques publiques, ils ont aussi particip  une amplification exagre du problme, notamment lorsquils ont livr des prvisions allant au-del de plusieurs mois, parfois endosses par de grandes agences sanitaires, car elles risquent de se rvler fausses et dcrdibilisantes. nous tenterons de mieux savoir quels espoirs on peut avoir de disposer dun vaccin prochainement, et nous essaierons de comprendre pourquoi il aura fallu attendre 38 ans, depuis la dcouverte du virus ebola, pour que la communaut internationale se dcide  chercher et dvelopper un vaccin contre ce type de virus que lon savait hautement pathogne et contagieux. la rponse internationale a-t-elle t  la hauteur des enjeux ? loms a-t-elle pu mettre en uvre le rglement sanitaire international dans des conditions satisfaisantes ? quelle a t la place des ong dans le rglement du problme ? toutes ces questions feront lobjet, au cours de ce mooc, de dbats et de points de vue interdisciplinaires, parfois contradictoires. de mme, limportance de la communication, le rle des mdias, la perception du risque par la population et par les dcideurs eux-mmes seront analyss. une large plage sera rserve aux rponses aux questions des participants adresses aux orateurs par le forum de discussion, afin de rflchir comment vaincre ensemble ebola. public cible ce mooc est ouvert et gratuit pour tous les publics. le public cible est principalement le milieu des soignants francophones et les acteurs (publics et privs) des politiques publiques. plan du cours module 1: prsentation gnrale module 2 : comprendre la maladie les aspects cliniques les aspects virologiques les aspects immunologiques les traitements symptomatiques actuels lpidmiologie de la maladie module 3 : ebola comme symptmes dun dsordre social et politique les causes sociales conomiques et politiques du problme la faiblesse du systme les aspects culturels la pauvret module 4 : les impacts sur nos vies et nos socits les impacts sanitaires et conomiques sur la socit et les institutions prsentation de modles mathmatiques et prvisions module 5 : les rponses pour lafrique et le monde les interventions la prise en charge des malades les principaux obstacles rencontrs la rponse internationale la perception du risque les dveloppements de mdicaments et vaccins le volet thique la rponse de loms la place de la recherche et des mdias module 6 : conclusion _________________________________ ce cours est co-produit par luniversit de genve (unige) et luniversit numrique francophone des sciences du sport et de la sant (unf3s). il est propos en partenariat avec : lagence universitaire de la francophonie (auf) le conseil suprieur de la formation et de la recherche stratgique (csfrs) lorganisation mondiale de la sant (oms) mdecins sans frontires (msf) swiss tropical and public health institute (swiss tph) fdration internationale des socits de la croix-rouge et du croissant-rouge (fiscr) centre virchow villerm de sant publique paris-berlin radio tlvision suisse (rts) office fdral de la sant publique (ofsp) hpitaux universitaires de genve (hug) institut pasteur campus biotech infection control african network (ican) the graduate institute geneva ministre de la sant et de laction sociale du sngal prsentation gnrale . comprendre la maladie . symptmes dun dsordre socio-politique . impact . rponse de lafrique et du monde . conclusion null null"
mooc	course		effective communication in the globalised workplace - the capstone	"null the capstone project for this specialization requires you to demonstrate your understanding of the courses and integrate the knowledge and skills learned in real workplace scenarios. in particular, you will be given a choice of a few projects based on scenarios and case studies drawn from different workplaces. the project outcome is a handbook or a practical guide, which could be a blend of text and multi-media. in completing the project, you will be required to use and/or collect relevant primary data from people in the workplace through emails, face-to-face chats, skype discussions and incorporate the data into the handbook/guide as support. in addition, there will be a component on critical reflection on your learning journey. the capstone project is to be completed within six weeks. evaluation will be done via a combination of peer and tutor assessment.  null null"
mooc	course		emerging technologies capstone	"null upon completion of this series of courses, you will have the opportunity to take part in a capstone project.  null null"
mooc	course		emotions: a philosophical introduction	"null philosophy is like sex: sure you can get some interesting results, but thats not why we do it. going one step beyondwhy do you feel pain or pleasure? do plants have emotions? how is possible that some people do not understand others emotions? emotions seem to be everywhere, giving meaning to all events of our lives. they are the backbone of social activities as well as they drive the cognitive processes of several living entities. several animals, including humans, have emotions butwhat about machines?...do machine can have emotions? this course will help you to understand and to identify most important philosophical ideas and debates about emotions, as well as it will provide you a rich source of data about neurological, psychological or anthropological analysis of emotions. in a nutshell: this is a course to feel and think about. welcome! . where do emotions come from? . how many emotions do exist? . what does a plant feel? . a neuroanthropological approach to emotions: from neurons to societies . the philosophies on emotions . 21st century &amp; emotions: affective computing and sociable robots null null"
mooc	course		english for effective business writing	"null this course aims to improve your business english writing skills by developing your use of vocabulary, grammar, understanding of different business writing genres, and your ability to write professional business documents. skills learned in this course will be used in the cross-cultural communications course and help prepare you to produce the professional business documents in the capstone project. after completing this course, you will be able to: - write business emails - write an executive summary - write persuasively in english - adapt content to purpose, context and audience - use appropriate style and tone of writing for business purposes welcome module . business writing genres . writing emails . writing memos . writing executive summaries . concluding module null null"
mooc	course		epidemics - the dynamics of infectious diseases	"null not so long ago, it was almost guaranteed that you would die of an infectious disease. in fact, had you been born just 150 years ago, your chances of dying of an infectious disease before youve reached the tender age of 5 would have been extremely high. since then, science has come a long way in understanding infectious diseases - what they are, how they spread, and how they can be prevented. but diseases like hiv/aids, malaria, tuberculosis, or the flu are still major killers worldwide, and novel emerging diseases are a constant threat to public health. in addition, the bugs are evolving. antibiotics, our most potent weapon against bacterial infections, are losing their power because the bacteria are becoming resistant. in this course, well explore the major themes of infectious diseases dynamics. after weve covered the basics, well be looking at the dynamics of the flu, and why were worried about flu pandemics. well be looking at the dynamics of childhood diseases such as measles and whooping cough, which were once considered almost eradicated, but are now making a comeback. well explore malaria, and use it as a case study of the evolution of drug resistance. well even be looking at social networks - how diseases can spread from you to your friends to your friends friends, and so on. and of course well be talking about vaccination too. well also be talking about how mobile phones, social media and crowdsourcing are revolutionizing disease surveillance, giving rise to a new field of digital epidemiology. and yes, we will be talking about zombies - not human zombies, but zombie ants whose brains are hijacked by an infectious fungus. were looking forward to having you join us for an exciting course! course introduction . pathogens . hosts . basics of ecology . epidemiology . vaccination . control mechanisms . emergence . global health . ask us anything videos null null"
mooc	course		econometrics: methods and applications	"null welcome! do you wish to know how to analyze and solve business and economic questions with data analysis tools? then econometrics by erasmus university rotterdam is the right course for you, as you learn how to translate data into models to make forecasts and to support decision making. * what do i learn? when you know econometrics, you are able to translate data into models to make forecasts and to support decision making in a wide variety of fields, ranging from macroeconomics to finance and marketing. our course starts with introductory lectures on simple and multiple regression, followed by topics of special interest to deal with model specification, endogenous variables, binary choice data, and time series data. you learn these key topics in econometrics by watching the videos with in-video quizzes and by making post-video training exercises. * do i need prior knowledge? the course is suitable for (advanced undergraduate) students in economics, finance, business, engineering, and data analysis, as well as for those who work in these fields. the course requires some basics of matrices, probability, and statistics, which are reviewed in the building blocks module. * what literature can i consult to support my studies? you can follow the mooc without studying additional sources. further reading of the discussed topics (including the building blocks) is provided in the textbook that we wrote and on which the mooc is based: econometric methods with applications in business and economics, oxford university press. the connection between the mooc modules and the book chapters is shown in the course guide  further information  how can i continue my studies. * will there be teaching assistants active to guide me through the course? staff and phd students of our econometric institute will provide guidance in january and february of each year. in other periods, we provide only elementary guidance. we always advise you to connect with fellow learners of this course to discuss topics and exercises. * how will i get a certificate? to gain the certificate of this course, you are asked to make six test exercises (one per module) and a case project. further, you perform peer-reviewing activities of the work of three of your fellow learners of this mooc. you gain the certificate if you pass all seven assignments. have a nice journey into the world of econometrics! the econometrics team welcome module . simple regression . multiple regression . model specification . endogeneity . binary choice . time series . case project . optional: building blocks null null"
mooc	course		executive data science capstone	"null the executive data science capstone, the specializations culminating project, is an opportunity for people who have completed all four eds courses to apply what theyve learned to a real-world scenario developed in collaboration with zillow, a data-driven online real estate and rental marketplace, and datacamp, a web-based platform for data science programming. your task will be to lead a virtual data science team and make key decisions along the way to demonstrate that you have what it takes to shepherd a complex analysis project from start to finish. for the final project, you will prepare and submit a presentation, which will be evaluated and graded by your fellow capstone participants. course cover image by luckey_sun. creative commons by-sa https://flic.kr/p/bx1jvu  null null"
mooc	course		experimental methods in systems biology	"null learn about the technologies underlying experimentation used in systems biology, with particular focus on rna sequencing, mass spec-based proteomics, flow/mass cytometry and live-cell imaging. a key driver of the systems biology field is the technology allowing us to delve deeper and wider into how cells respond to experimental perturbations. this in turns allows us to build more detailed quantitative models of cellular function, which can give important insight into applications ranging from biotechnology to human disease. this course gives a broad overview of a variety of current experimental techniques used in modern systems biology, with focus on obtaining the quantitative data needed for computational modeling purposes in downstream analyses. we dive deeply into four technologies in particular, mrna sequencing, mass spectrometry-based proteomics, flow/mass cytometry, and live-cell imaging. these techniques are often used in systems biology and range from genome-wide coverage to single molecule coverage, millions of cells to single cells, and single time points to frequently sampled time courses. we present not only the theoretical background upon which these technologies work, but also enter real wet lab environments to provide instruction on how these techniques are performed in practice, and how resultant data are analyzed for quality and content. introduction . deep mrna sequencing . mass spectrometry-based proteomics . midterm exam . flow and mass cytometry for single cell protein levels and cell fate . live-cell imaging for single cell protein dynamics . integrating and interpreting datasets with network models and dynamical models . final exam null null"
mooc	course		exploratory data analysis	null this course covers the essential exploratory techniques for summarizing data. these techniques are typically applied before formal modeling commences and can help inform the development of more complex statistical models. exploratory techniques are also important for eliminating or sharpening potential hypotheses about the world that can be addressed by the data. we will cover in detail the plotting systems in r as well as some of the basic principles of constructing data graphics. we will also cover some of the common multivariate statistical techniques used to visualize high-dimensional data. week 1 . week 2 . week 3 . week 4 null null
mooc	course		health informatics on fhir	"null through this course even non-technical students can gain basic proficiency in health informatics: the application of computing to healthcare delivery, public health and community-based clinical research. the overall course paradigm is the institute of medicines vision of a learning health system that uses data from actual patient care to gain new knowledge and feeds that knowledge back as care is delivered to achieve a safer, higher quality and more cost effective health delivery system. module 1 covers the us healthcare delivery systems unique structural, economic and policy issues and the strategic role for health informatics. it also looks at the federal programs to encourage adoption of electronic record systems. module 2 gives a high level overview of some key health standards with a particular emphasis on the new fast healthcare interoperability resource (fhir) standard. module 3 explores how these technologies are being deployed and some of their current limitations using specific commercial and open source systems as examples. it features an interview with the developers of an innovative, new ehr. module 4 presents examples of cutting edge research using big data and shows how analytic based tools are helping overcome some of the challenges posed in the prior module. it features an interview with developers of a innovative cloud-based service to bring together datasets and analytic tools from diverse sources. optionally, as the course progresses, students read the instructors book, practitioners guide to health informatics. welcome to health informatics on fhir . data and interoperability standards . real world applications &amp; challenges . big data and analytics null null"
mooc	course		finance for everyone: value	"null in value, you will explore the most powerful generator of value in the world  ideas. ideas are the engines of productivity, both in the private and public sectors. you will learn about the universal frameworks that determine how ideas and money interact, leading to the allocation of financial resources. we will identify components of cash flow for any project, business or venture as the most essential ingredients of value. we also assess the investment techniques used to give life to some ideas while killing others. this course will help you understand pricing, diversification, uncertainty and even behavioural approaches to dealing with risk. using nobel prize-winning insights, you will learn how to measure the size of the risk premium and build valuation models. well even connect evidence-based science with common-sense analysis to give you better tools for understanding why values are what they are, and for positioning yourself more effectively to participate in financial markets. you will be immersed in case based learning to integrate some of the powerful frameworks introduced in value.  null null"
mooc	course		financial engineering and risk management part i	"null financial engineering is a multidisciplinary field drawing from finance and economics, mathematics, statistics, engineering and computational methods. the emphasis of fe &amp; rm part i will be on the use of simple stochastic models to price derivative securities in various asset classes including equities, fixed income, credit and mortgage-backed securities. we will also consider the role that some of these asset classes played during the financial crisis. a notable feature of this course will be an interview module with emanuel derman, the renowned ``quant and best-selling author of my life as a quant. we hope that students who complete the course will begin to understand the rocket science behind financial engineering but perhaps more importantly, we hope they will also understand the limitations of this theory in practice and why financial models should always be treated with a healthy degree of skepticism. the follow-on course fe &amp; rm part ii will continue to develop derivatives pricing models but it will also focus on asset allocation and portfolio optimization as well as other applications of financial engineering such as real options, commodity and energy derivatives and algorithmic trading. course overview . introduction to basic fixed income securities . introduction to derivative securities . option pricing in the multi-period binomial model . term structure models i . term structure models ii and introduction to credit derivatives . introduction to mortgage mathematics and mortgage-backed securities . background material null null"
mooc	course		financial markets	"null professor robert shiller, 2013 nobel prize winner in economic sciences, explores the topic of financial markets in this eight module course. basic principles of finance and risk management . efficient markets versus behavioral finance . debt versus equity . real estate, regulation and enterprise . forward futures and options markets . monetary policy . critical elements of the financial infrastructure . finance and the broader public purpose null null"
mooc	course		introduction to forensic science	"null we have all seen forensic scientists in tv shows, but how do they really work? what is the science behind their work? the course aims to explain the scientific principles and techniques behind the work of forensic scientists and will be illustrated with numerous case studies from singapore and around the world. some questions which we will attempt to address include: how did forensics come about? what is the role of forensics in police work? can these methods be used in non-criminal areas? blood. what is it? how can traces of blood be found and used in evidence? is dna chemistry really so powerful? what happens (biologically and chemically) if someone tries to poison me? what happens if i try to poison myself? how can we tell how long someone has been dead? what if they have been dead for a really long time? can a little piece of a carpet fluff, or a single hair, convict someone? was emperor napoleon murdered by the perfidious british, or killed by his wallpaper? *for nanyang technological university (ntu) students, please be noted that this course will no longer be eligible for credit transfer.  null null"
mooc	course		foundations of marketing analytics	"null who is this course for? this course is designed for students, business analysts, and data scientists who want to apply statistical knowledge and techniques to business contexts. for example, it may be suited to experienced statisticians, analysts, engineers who want to move more into a business role, in particular in marketing. you will find this course exciting and rewarding if you already have a background in statistics, can use r or another programming language and are familiar with databases and data analysis techniques such as regression, classification, and clustering. however, it contains a number of recitals and r studio tutorials which will consolidate your competences, enable you to play more freely with data and explore new features and statistical functions in r. business analytics, big data and data science are very hot topics today, and for good reasons. companies are sitting on a treasure trove of data, but usually lack the skills and people to analyze and exploit that data efficiently. those companies who develop the skills and hire the right people to analyze and exploit that data will have a clear competitive advantage. its especially true in one domain: marketing. about 90% of the data collected by companies today are related to customer actions and marketing activities.the domain of marketing analytics is absolutely huge, and may cover fancy topics such as text mining, social network analysis, sentiment analysis, real-time bidding, online campaign optimization, and so on. but at the heart of marketing lie a few basic questions that often remain unanswered: (1) who are my customers, (2) which customers should i target and spend most of my marketing budget on, and (3) whats the future value of my customers so i can concentrate on those who will be worth the most to the company in the future. thats exactly what this course will cover: segmentation is all about understanding your customers, scorings models are about targeting the right ones, and customer lifetime value is about anticipating their future value. these are the foundations of marketing analytics. and thats what youll learn to do in this course. module 0 : introduction to foundation of marketing analytics . module 1 : statistical segmentation . module 2 : managerial segmentation . module 3 : targeting and scoring models . module 4 : customer lifetime value null null"
mooc	course		principles of fmri 2	"null this course covers the analysis of functional magnetic resonance imaging (fmri) data. it is a continuation of the course principles of fmri, part 1 week 1 . week 2 . week 3 . week 4 null null"
mooc	course		principles of fmri 1	"null this course covers the design, acquisition, and analysis of functional magnetic resonance imaging (fmri) data. a book related to the class can be found here: https://leanpub.com/principlesoffmri week 1 . week 2 . week 3 . week 4 null null"
mooc	course		our energy future	"null this course is designed to introduce students to the issues of energy in the 21st century  including food and fuels  which are inseparably linked  and will discuss energy production and utilization from the biology, engineering, economics, climate science, and social science perspectives. this course will cover the current production and utilization of energy, as well as the consequences of this use, examining finite fossil energy reserves, how food and energy are linked, impacts on the environment and climate, and the social and economic impacts of our present energy and food production and use. after the introductory lectures, we will examine the emerging field of sustainable energy, fuel and food production, emphasizing the importance of developing energy efficient and sustainable methods of production, and how these new technologies can contribute to replacing the diminishing supplies of fossil fuels, and reduce the consequences of carbon dioxide release into the environment. this course will also cover the importance of creating a sustainable energy future for all societies including those of the developing world. lectures will be prepared and delivered by leading uc san diego and scripps institution of oceanography faculty and industry professionals across these areas of expertise. general course materials . introduction to energy . physical energy sources . introduction to biological energy sources . plant biofuel . algae biofuel . biofuel production and downstream processing . social issues, economics, and politics . climate change . office hours null null"
mooc	course		genomic data science with galaxy	null learn to use the tools that are available from the galaxy project. this is the second course in the genomic big data science specialization. introduction . galaxy 101 . working with sequence data . rna-seq &amp; running your own galaxy null null
mooc	course		welcome to game theory	"null this course provides a brief introduction to game theory. our main goal is to understand the basic ideas behind the key concepts in game theory, such as equilibrium, rationality, and cooperation. the course uses very little mathematics, and it is ideal for those who are looking for a conceptual introduction to game theory. business competition, political campaigns, the struggle for existence by animals and plants, and so on, can all be regarded as a kind of game, in which individuals try to do their best against others. game theory provides a general framework to describe and analyze how individuals behave in such strategic situations. this course focuses on the key concepts in game theory, and attempts to outline the informal basic ideas that are often hidden behind mathematical definitions. game theory has been applied to a number of disciplines, including economics, political science, psychology, sociology, biology, and computer science. therefore, a warm welcome is extended to audiences from all fields who are interested in what game theory is all about. why do we need game theory, and what does it tell us? . understanding nash equilibrium . rationality, knowledge, and evolution in games . sustaining cooperation null null"
mooc	course		the science of gastronomy	"null this course introduces a number of basic scientific principles underpinning the methodology of cooking, food preparation and the enjoyment of food. all topics covered have a strong basis in biology, chemistry, and physics application. among others, they include the consumption of cooked food, the physiological and evolutionary implication of the senses, geographic and cultural influences on food, and the rationale behind food preparation. we will also discuss issues such as coupling of senses to improve sense stimulation; altering flavor by chemical means; and modification of the coloration to improve the appearance of dishes. following the video demonstrations of the scientific principles of cooking, you will learn to recognize the key ingredients and their combinations for preparing good healthy food. at the end of this course, you will be able to: - appreciate the scientific basis of various recipes; - develop your own recipes by integrating some of the scientific principles into new dishes; - recognize the influence of the material world on human perception from the different senses; - appreciate the art of integrating science into cooking and dining. important note: this course is not designed for people with special dietary needs such as vegetarian, diabetic, and gluten-free diets. if you feel uncomfortable with any part of the assignments or activities of this course, you can substitute some of the ingredients or ask friends and family members to help with the tasting of your assignments. alternatively, you may skip that specific assignment provided that you have fulfilled all other qualifying requirement to pass the course. orientation, module 1 and module 2 . module 3 and module 4 . module 5 and module 6 . module 7 and module 8 . module 8 (continued) and module 9 . module 9 (continued) and module 10 null null"
mooc	course		genomic data science capstone	"null in this culminating project, you will deploy the tools and techniques that youve mastered over the course of the specialization. youll work with a real data set to perform analyses and prepare a report of your findings.  null null"
mooc	course		genomic data science and clustering (bioinformatics v)	"null how do we infer which genes orchestrate various processes in the cell? how did humans migrate out of africa and spread around the world? in this class, we will see that these two seemingly different questions can be addressed using similar algorithmic and machine learning techniques arising from the general problem of dividing data points into distinct clusters. in the first half of the course, we will introduce algorithms for clustering a group of objects into a collection of clusters based on their similarity, a classic problem in data science, and see how these algorithms can be applied to gene expression data. in the second half of the course, we will introduce another classic tool in data science called principal components analysis that can be used to preprocess multidimensional data before clustering in an effort to greatly reduce the number dimensions without losing much of the signal in the data. finally, you will learn how to apply popular bioinformatics software tools to solve a real problem in clustering.  null null"
mooc	course		command line tools for genomic data science	"null introduces to the commands that you need to manage and analyze directories, files, and large sets of genomic data. this is the fourth course in the genomic big data science specialization from johns hopkins university. basic unix commands . week two . week three . week four null null"
mooc	course		gestin de marca y producto	"null luego de tomar este curso ser capaz de identificar la informacin crtica que se necesita para desarrollar estrategias de marca y de producto que logren resultados inmediatos y tambin generen valor en el largo plazo. estar en capacidad de crear un plan de actividades para hacer que su estrategia de marca se haga realidad (tanto externamente para los consumidores como internamente para los empleados). podr definir las mtricas correctas que ayuden a determinar si la implementacin de la estrategia ha sido un xito, tomando en cuenta cualquier ajuste necesario al utilizar una metodologa de probar y aprender. este curso est compuesto de seis mdulos: 1 - lanzamiento de nuevos productos y el reto de gestionarlos en su ciclo vital. al final de este mdulo, ser capaz de demostrar su comprensin de los conceptos de estrategia de producto y de reunir los datos que le apoyen para definir su estrategia de producto. 2 - desarrollar marcas convincentes que inspiren a sus stakeholders crticos y tengan un impacto en sus resultados. este mdulo le permitir sentirse seguro al describir los distintos elementos de una estrategia de marca y formulando una estrategia de marca ganadora. 3 - conocer cmo comunicar su oferta: arquitectura de marca y nomenclatura. al terminar este mdulo, ser capaz de definir cmo llamar a su marca y explicar cmo desarrollar un sistema para incorporar futuros productos y marcas. 4 - construir su portfolio de marca. tras concluir este mdulo, ser capaz de trazar el mapa de su portfolio de marca para maximizar su valor y apoyar su crecimiento. 5 - traducir su marca en una experiencia convincente para el cliente. al concluir este mdulo, se sentir confiado para definir y describir la experiencia del cliente con su marca. 6 - preparar y enganchar a sus empleados para ofrecer la promesa de la marca. tras concluir este mdulo, ser capaz de explicar y aplicar el proceso para incrustar la marca a lo interno de la organizacin. lanzamiento de nuevos productos y el reto de gestionar su ciclo de vida. . desarrollo de marcas convincentes que inspiren a los principales interesados de su entorno y afecten a su resultado final. . saber cmo comunicar su oferta: arquitectura de marca y denominacin. . creacin de su cartera de marcas. . traduccin de su marca en experiencias de cliente convincentes. . dotar de recursos y ocupar a los empleados para cumplir con el compromiso de la marca. null null"
mooc	course		"imagery, automation, and applications"	"null using the knowledge youve learned about arcgis, complete technical tasks such raster calculations and suitability analysis. in this class you will become comfortable with spatial analysis and applications within gis during four week-long modules: week 1: learn the foundational tools for advanced raster analysis week 2: examine digital elevation models using arcgis tools and create derived products such as hillshades and slope rasters. week 3: become familiar with common algorithms for spatial decision making such as suitability analyses and hydrologic processing. you will also learn how to analyze aerial and satellite imagery to perform time-based analysis. week 4: explore the advanced modelbuilder tool, a visual programming language that allows you to automate sections of your data analysis take imagery, modeling and applications as a standalone course or as part of the geographic information systems (gis) specialization. by completing the fourth class you will gain the skills needed to succeed in the specialization capstone.  null null"
mooc	course		capstone: geospatial analysis	"null in the capstone project, you will design and execute a complete gis-based analysis  from identifying a concept, question or issue you wish to develop, all the way to final data products and maps that you can add to your portfolio. your capstone project will demonstrate your mastery of the content in the gis specialization and is broken up into four phases: project proposal - conceptualize and design your project in the abstract, and write a short proposal that includes the project description, expected data needs, timeline, and how you expect to complete it. analysis - develop the analysis for your project, which will typically involve creating at least one core algorithm for processing your data. the model need not be complex or complicated, but it should allow you to analyze spatial data for a new output or to create a new analytical map of some type. production  obtain and preprocess data, run it through your models or other workflows in order to get your rough data products, and begin creating your final map products and/or analysis. final product/display  complete your project by submitting usable and attractive maps and your data and algorithm for instructor review and feedback.  null null"
mooc	course		fundamentals of gis	"null explore the world of spatial analysis and cartography with geographic information systems (gis). in this class you will learn the basics of the industrys leading software tool, arcgis, during four week-long modules: week 1: learn how gis grew from paper maps to the globally integrated electronic software packages of today. you will install arcgis on your computer and learn how to use online help to answer technical questions. week 2: open up arcgis and explore data using arcmap. learn the foundational concepts of gis, how to analyze data, and make your first map. week 3: make your own maps! symbolize data and create an eye-catching final product. week 4: share your data and maps and learn to store and organize your data. take fundamentals of gis as a standalone course or as part of the geographic information systems (gis) specialization. by completing the first class in the specialization you will gain the skills needed to succeed in the full program. students who need an arcgis license will receive a non-commercial, 1 year student license for participation in this course and specialization. course introduction and introduction to geographic information systems (gis) . arcgis basics . making maps with common datasets . retrieving and sharing data null null"
mooc	course		politics and economics of international energy	"null energy issues have always been important in international relations, but in recent years may have become even more important than in the past due to the widespread awareness of existing limits to energy sources and negative climate impacts. the course discusses global trends in energy consumption and production, various available scenarios for potential developments in the coming decades, the availability of oil reserves and the evolution of the oil industry. it then discusses natural gas and highlights the differences between oil and gas. it will also discuss renewable energy sources, nuclear energy and eu energy policy. the course aims at providing students whose main interest is in international relations a background on energy resources, technology and economic realities to allow them to correctly interpret the political impact of current developments. it also aims at providing students, who already have a technical background in energy science or engineering, with the broad global view of energy issues that will allow them to better understand the social, economic and political impact of their technical knowledge. about the instructor : giacomo luciani scientific advisor for the master in international energy at the paris school of international affairs (psia) sciences po, giacomo luciani is also adjunct professor at the graduate institute of international and development studies, geneva and director of the executive master in international oil and gas leadership. for the period 2010-13 he was appointed princeton university global scholar, attached to the woodrow wilson school and the department of near eastern studies. his research focuses on the political economy of the middle east and north africa and on global energy issues. recommended background : the course requires no special scientific, mathematical or economic background; all key concepts are clearly and elementarily explained. it is expected that it will be of interest to undergraduate and graduate students in schools where an equivalent course is not offered (this being the case for the vast majority of schools). uspc sorbonne paris cit supported by universit sorbonne paris cit idex investissements davenir funded by investissements davenir - anr. info : course content : licence creative commons by nc sa week #1 : introduction to global energy trends and scenarios . week #2 : oil formation, exploration and production . week #3 : global oil reserves and resources . week #4 : the economics of natural gas . week #5 : the geopolitics of natural gas . week#6 : renewable energy sources . week #7 : nuclear energy . week #8 : dilemmas of (european) energy policy null null"
mooc	course		global health: an interdisciplinary overview	"null this course proposes an overview of current global health challenges drawing on the insights of several academic disciplines including medicine, public health, law, economics, social sciences and humanities. this interdisciplinary approach will guide the student into seven critical topics in global health. introduction . introduction to global health concepts . emerging trends in global health: infectious diseases . emerging trends in global health: non-communicable diseases and disability . governance for global health, health systems and financing . foreign policy, trade and health . research, development, innovation and technology for global health . the environment, sustainable development and health null null"
mooc	course		global warming ii: create your own models in python	"null this class provides a series of python programming exercises intended to explore the use of numerical modeling in the earth system and climate sciences. the scientific background for these models is presented in a companion class, global warming i: the science and modeling of climate change. this class assumes that you are new to python programming (and this is indeed a great way to learn python!), but that you will be able to pick up an elementary knowledge of python syntax from another class or from on-line tutorials. time-dependent energy balance model . iterative runaway ice-albedo feedback model . ice sheet dynamics . pressure, rotation, and fluid flow . a model of climate changes today null null"
mooc	course		global warming i: the science and modeling of climate change	"null this class describes the science of global warming and the forecast for humans impact on earths climate. intended for an audience without much scientific background but a healthy sense of curiosity, the class brings together insights and perspectives from physics, chemistry, biology, earth and atmospheric sciences, and even some economicsall based on a foundation of simple mathematics (algebra). overview . heat, light, and energy . first climate model . greenhouse gases and the atmosphere . the structure of the atmosphere . weather and climate . feedbacks . the carbon cycle . the perturbed carbon cycle . looking for a human impact on climate . potential impacts . mitigation null null"
mooc	course		hadoop platform and application framework	"null ********* a new, improved version of the big data specialization will become available on june 6! as such, enrollment for this course and all courses in this original big data specialization will close on june 6. the original big data specialization will continue to run until september 2016, when the capstone will be offered for learners in this version of the specialization. if you are in the middle of the specialization and have purchased the entire original big data specialization before june 6, coursera will reach out to you to offer you the option of staying in the original specialization or taking the new version. if you are just getting started on this specialization, we recommend that you wait until june 6 to enroll in the new version. ********* this course is for novice programmers or business people whod like to understand the core tools used to wrangle and analyze big data. with no prior experience, youll have the opportunity to walk through hands-on examples with hadoop and spark frameworks, two of the most common in the industry. you will be comfortable explaining the specific components and basic processes of the hadoop architecture, software stack, and execution environment. in the assignments you will be guided in how data scientists apply the important concepts and techniques, such as map-reduce that are used to solve fundamental problems in big data. youll feel empowered to have conversations about big data and the data analysis processes. hadoop basics . introduction to the hadoop stack . introduction to hadoop distributed file system (hdfs) . introduction to map/reduce . spark null null"
mooc	course		a life of happiness and fulfillment	"null what are the determinants of a happy and fulfilling life? this is surely one of lifes biggest questions, and a question that has interested many of our ancestors. buddha famously gave up his kingdom in search of happiness. several greek philosophers (from aristotle to epicurus and plato to socrates) had their own views on what it takes to be happy. and of course, we all have our own theories about happiness too. how valid are our theories? till recently, if you wished for an answer to this question, you wouldve been forced to base it on discussions with spiritual leaders. or, if you were lucky, you couldve based it on late-night (and perhaps intoxicant-fueled) conversations with friends and family. happily, all that has changed now. over the past decade-and-a-half, scientists have gotten into the act big time. we now have a pretty good idea of what it takes to lead a happy and fulfilling life. this course, based on the award-winning class offered both at the indian school of business and at the mccombs school of business at the university of texas at austin, developed by prof. raj raghunathan (aka dr. happy-smarts) draws content from a variety of fields, including psychology, neuroscience, and behavioral decision theory to offer a tested and practical recipe for leading a life of happiness and fulfillment. although not mandatory, reading prof. rajs forthcoming book, titled if youre so smart, why arent you happy? (and about which you can find out more at http://deepredink.com/demos/happysmarts/books.php) can help you review and assimilate the material covered in this book at your leisure. the course will feature guest appearances by several well-known thought leaders, including: - dan ariely (author of predictably irrational and, soon to be released, irrationally yours), - ed diener (dr. happiness), - mihaly csikszentmihalyi (author of flow), by taking this course, you will discover the answers to questions such as: - why arent the smart-and-the-successful as happy as they couldor shouldbe - what are the 7 deadly happiness sins that even the smart and the successful commit?, and - what are the 7 habits of the highly happy and how can you implement them in your life? by the end of the course, i expect students who have been diligent with the lectures and exercises to not just gain a deeper understanding of the science of happiness, but to also be significantly happier. module 1: course intro and happiness measurement . module 2: the 1st sin, habit, and exercise . module 3: the 2nd sin, habit, and exercise . module 4: the 3rd sin, habit and exercise . module 5: the 4th sin, habit and exercise . module 6: the 5th sin, habit and exercise . module 7: the 6th sin, habit, and exercise . module 8: the 7th sin, habit, and exercise . module 9: summary and concluding remarks null null"
mooc	course		take the lead on healthcare quality improvement	"null in this course you will learn about the importance of quality in healthcare and how you can contribute by implementing a quality improvement (qi) project to improve processes of care and patient outcomes. you will learn about powerful tools to add to your qi toolbox during short lectures and reflective exercises. you will apply these tools to the implementation of a qi project in your own practice setting or an area of personal improvement. at the completion of the course, you will have a storyboard that captures your qi project success to share with others. the qi project will be considered within the context of interprofessional teams and from a systems perspective. the objective of this course is to empower you, the working healthcare professional, to improve your knowledge and skills in the science of quality improvement so that you can take action in your own clinical setting to improve the quality of care for your patients and their families. week 1: getting started . week 2 . week 3 . week 4 . week 5 . week 6 null null"
mooc	course		medical technology and evaluation	"null innovations in medical technologies are one of the leading areas of economic growth in the world. whether new technologies take the form of pharmaceutical, medical device, biotechnology, information technology of some combination of these innovations, the opportunities for both private enterprise and social welfare are substantial. however, these innovations are not without cost, and require reimbursement from either a privately or publicly financed health care delivery system to enter the marketplace. this course aims to provide knowledge of the concepts, data, and methodology required to critically evaluate new medical technologies in order to secure financial investment, reimbursement, and regulatory compliance objectives, such as fda approval. the course is designed to provide understanding of the analytic tools needed to evaluate medical technologies. after completing this course, students will have the skills needed to: - understand the reimbursement systems financing medical technology use. - understand the role of government and regulatory agencies in the development and use of new medical technologies. - identify a population to be served by a medical technology. - use health care data to evaluate a medical technology. - perform cost/benefit and cost/effectiveness analysis of a new technology. medical technology assessment in the current health care financing and regulatory environment . clinical trials and insurance claims data . the elements of medical technology assessments . methodological approaches and considerations null null"
mooc	course		career 911: your future job in medicine and healthcare	"null this course aims to help high school students, recent graduates, and those considering career transitions explore health care career options and learn strategies for entry into the health care workforce and health related fields. there are lots of amazing job opportunities in medicine and healthcare! join us, as we share the strategies and secrets for getting those jobs. this course will introduce you to healthcare professions, help you map a path towards a health career, and impart skills relevant for any career, including: articulating your personal story, resume and cover letter writing, job search, interviewing, professional networking, and professional communications. in this course, you will hear the personal stories, experiences, and journeys of dozens of people who work in health related careers. you will also have the opportunity to connect with a supportive community of students, mentors, and health care professionals to explore your interests, find resources, and discover exciting new opportunities. the course features more than 50 different guests and lecturers, including northwestern university faculty from feinberg school of medicine; the kellogg school of management; the medill school of journalism, media, integrated marketing communications; the school of professional studies; weinberg college of arts and sciences; and the school of communication. the course is also a resource and tool through which educators, parents, career counselors and others can support students career readiness and professional advancement. why health? . day in the life snapshots . keeping it real - healthcare career journeys . personal story . professional networking . resume . cover letter . interviews . supplementary topics null null"
mooc	course		ok deikenli fonksiyon i: kavramlar / multivariable calculus i: concepts	"null ders ok deikenli fonksiyonlardaki ikili dizinin birincisidir. burada ok deikenli fonksiyonlardaki temel trev ve entegral kavramlarn gelitirmek ve bu konulardaki problemleri zmekteki temel yntemleri sunmaktadr. ders gerek yaamdan gelen uygulamalar da tantmaya nem veren ierikli yaklamla tasarlanmtr. blmler blm 1: genel konular ve dzlemdeki vektrler blm 2: uzayda vektrler, dorular ve dzlemler; vektr fonksiyonlar blm 3: dzlem erilerinden hatrlatmalar ve uzay erileri, iki deikenli ve ikinci derece fonksiyonlar ve kart gelen yzeyler blm 4: zel yapdaki iki deikenli olarak karmak fonksiyonlar, iki deikenli fonksiyonlarda ksmi trev ve iki katl entegralin temel tanmlar; limit kavramnn gereklilii ve anlatm blm 5: trev hesaplama yntemleri blm 6: trev uygulamalar blm 7: iki katl entegraller ve uygulamalar ----------- the course is the first of the sequence of calculus of multivariable functions. it develops the fundamental concepts of derivatives and integrals of functions of several variables, and the basic tools for doing the relevant calculations. the course is designed with a content-based approach, i. e. by solving examples, as many as possible from real life situations. chapters chapters 1: general topics and vectors in the plane chapters 2: vectors in space, lines and planes; vector functions chapters 3: reminders of plane curves and space curves, quadratic functions and variables, surfaces chapters 4: special two variables complex functions, the basic definition of partial derivatives and two storey integrals in two unknown functions ; necessity and details of limits chapters 5: methods of derivative calculations chapters 6: application of derivatives chapters 7: two storey integrals and applications ----------- kaynak: attila akar, ok deikenli fonksiyonlarda trev ve entegral. bu kitap drt ciltlik dizinin ikinci cildidir. dizinin dier kitaplar cilt 1 tek deikenli fonksiyonlarda trev ve entegral, cilt 3: dorusal cebir ve cilt 4: diferansiyel denklemler dir. source: attila akar, calculus of multivariable functions, volume 2 of the set of vol1: calculus of single variable functions, volume 3: linear algebra and volume 4: differential equations. all available online starting on january 6, 2014 genel konular ve dzlemdeki vektrler . uzayda vektrler, dorular ve dzlemler; vektr fonksiyonlar . dzlem erilerinden hatrlatmalar ve uzay erileri, iki deikenli ve ikinci derece fonksiyonlar ve kart gelen yzeyler . zel yapdaki iki deikenli olarak karmak fonksiyonlar, iki deikenli fonksiyonlarda ksmi trev ve iki katl entegralin temel tanmlar; limit kavramnn gereklilii ve anlatm . trev hesaplama yntemleri . trev uygulamalar . iki katl entegraller ve uygulamalar . dnem sonu snav (final exam) null null"
mooc	course		introduction to high-throughput materials development	"null this course is an introduction to high-throughput experimental methods that accelerate the discovery and development of new materials. it is well recognized that the discovery of new materials is the key to solving many technological problems faced by industry and society. these problems include energy production and utilization, carbon capture, tissue engineering, and sustainable materials production, among many others. this course will introduce the learner to a remarkable new approach to materials discovery and characterization: high-throughput materials development (htmd). engineers and scientists working in industry, academic or government will benefit from this course by developing an understanding of how to apply one element of htmd, high-throughput experimental methods, to real-world materials discovery and characterization problems. internationally leading faculty experts will provide a historical perspective on htmd, describe preparation of library samples that cover hundreds or thousands of compositions, explain techniques for characterizing the library to determine the structure and various properties including optical, electronic, mechanical, chemical, thermal, and others. case studies in energy, transportation, and biotechnology are provided to illustrate methodologies for metals, ceramics, polymers and composites. the georgia tech institute for materials (imat) developed this course in order to introduce a broad audience to the essential elements of the materials genome initiative. other courses will be offered by georgia tech through coursera to concentrate on integrating (i) high-throughput experimentation with (ii) modeling and simulation and (iii) materials data sciences and informatics. after completing this course, learners will be able to  identify key events in the development of high-throughput materials development (htmd)  communicate the benefits of htmdwithin your organization.  explain what is meant by high throughput methods (both computational and experimental), and their merits for materials discovery/development.  summarize the principles and methods of high throughput creation/processing of material libraries (samples that contain 100s to 1000s of smaller samples).  state the principles and methods for high-throughput characterization of structure.  state the principles and methods for high throughput property measurements.  identify when high-throughput screening (hts) will be valuable to a materials discovery effort.  select an appropriate hts method for a property measurement of interest.  identify companies and organizations working in this field and use this knowledge to select appropriate partners for design and implementation of hts efforts.  apply principles of experimental design, library synthesis and screening to solve a materials design challenge.  conceive complete high-throughput strategies to obtain processing-structure-property (psp) relationships for materials design and discovery. welcome . introduction . library preparation . high-throughput characterization of composition and structure . high-throughput property measurements . applications null null"
mooc	course		the horse course: introduction to basic care and management	"null there are over 100 million horses, donkeys and mules in the world today and owners of these animals can be found on almost every continent and in almost every society. the horse course will cover many unique aspects of equine ownership and touch upon the science behind many of todays management practices. introduction to the horse course . basic equine physiology . equine behavior and training . feeding management . maintaining equine health . breeding management null null"
mooc	course		htel de ltoile - a hotel in crisis?	"null in this case study based exercise, you will apply the knowledge you have gained about distribution, revenue and demand management to a real world case  hotel de ltoile - a prestigious upmarket internationally branded property in paris that to the outside world seems to be doing well but is in fact unprofitable for its owner. actual data of the distribution performance, revenue management tactics, financial situation will be provided by the hotel partner. in addition detailed information about the hotels competitive environment will be provided by several industry partners. video interviews with senior managers from the property will be used to supplement written material to create a more real world experience. as the new director of business development hired to help the hotel decide how to proceed, you will evaluate the hotels current policies and performance, making recommendations for improvements and and plan how best to implement them.  null null"
mooc	course		how to write and publish a scientific paper (project-centered course)	"null what you will achieve: in this project-based course, you will outline a complete scientific paper, choose an appropriate journal to which youll submit the finished paper for publication, and prepare a checklist that will allow you to independently judge whether your paper is ready to submit. what youll need to get started: this course is designed for students who have previous experience with academic research - you should be eager to adapt our writing and publishing advice to an existing personal project. if you just finished your graduate dissertation, just began your phd, or are at a different stage of your academic journey or career and just want to publish your work, this course is for you. *about project-centered courses: project-centered courses are designed to help you complete a personally meaningful real-world project, with your instructor and a community of learners with similar goals providing guidance and suggestions along the way. by actively applying new concepts as you learn, youll master the course content more efficiently; youll also get a head start on using the skills you gain to make positive changes in your life and career. when you complete the course, youll have a finished project that youll be proud to use and share. understanding academia . before writing: delimiting your scientific paper . writing the paper: things you need to know . after the writing: the check list null null"
mooc	course		"html, css, and javascript for web developers"	"null do you realize that the only functionality of a web application that the user directly interacts with is through the web page? implement it poorly and, to the user, the server-side becomes irrelevant! todays user expects a lot out of the web page: it has to load fast, expose the desired service, and be comfortable to view on all devices: from a desktop computers to tablets and mobile phones. in this course, we will learn the basic tools that every web page coder needs to know. we will start from the ground up by learning how to implement modern web pages with html and css. we will then advance to learning how to code our pages such that its components rearrange and resize themselves automatically based on the size of the users screen. youll be able to code up a web page that will be just as useful on a mobile phone as on a desktop computer. no pinch and zoom required! last but certainly not least, we will get a thorough introduction to the most ubiquitous, popular, and incredibly powerful language of the web: javascript. using javascript, you will be able to build a fully functional web application that utilizes ajax to expose server-side functionality and data to the end user. introduction to html5 . introduction to css3 . coding the static restaurant site . introduction to javascript . using javascript to build web applications null null"
mooc	course		"html, css and javascript"	"null this course will teach you the essential elements of web page development, covering html, css and javascript. no previous experience of these technologies is necessary, although it is helpful if you have some prior programming experience. first, html together with css are discussed and explored. then we move on to consider the essential components of javascript, including variables, arrays, loops, events and functions. then we explore more advanced elements of javascript control, including advanced use of functions, event control, array processing, and dom manipulation. after completing this course, you will be able to: - create a web page using html elements - be able to apply css (style sheet rules) to parts of a web page, for altering display and behavior - be able to program interactive javascript in a web page html &amp; css . introduction to javascript . advanced javascript null null"
mooc	course		the brain and space	"null this course is about how the brain creates our sense of spatial location from a variety of sensory and motor sources, and how this spatial sense in turn shapes our cognitive abilities. knowing where things are is effortless. but under the hood, your brain must figure out even the simplest of details about the world around you and your position in it. recognizing your mother, finding your phone, going to the grocery store, playing the banjo  these require careful sleuthing and coordination across different sensory and motor domains. this course traces the brains detective work to create this sense of space and argues that the brains spatial focus permeates our cognitive abilities, affecting the way we think and remember. the material in this course is based on a book ive written for a general audience. the book is called making space: how the brain knows where things are, and is available from amazon, barnes and noble, or directly from harvard university press. the course material overlaps with classes on perception or systems neuroscience, and can be taken either before or after such classes. dr. jennifer m. groh, ph.d. professor psychology &amp; neuroscience; neurobiology duke university www.duke.edu/~jmgroh jennifer m. groh is interested in how the brain process spatial information in different sensory systems, and how the brains spatial codes influence other aspects of cognition. she is the author of a recent book entitled making space: how the brain knows where things are (harvard university press, fall 2014). much of her research concerns differences in how the visual and auditory systems encode location, and how vision influences hearing. her laboratory has demonstrated that neurons in auditory brain regions are sometimes responsive not just to what we hear but also to what direction we are looking and what visual stimuli we can see. these surprising findings challenge the prevailing assumption that the brains sensory pathways remain separate and distinct from each other at early stages, and suggest a mechanism for such multi-sensory interactions as lip-reading and ventriloquism (the capture of perceived sound location by a plausible nearby visual stimulus). dr. groh has been a professor at duke university since 2006. she received her undergraduate degree in biology from princeton university in 1988 before studying neuroscience at the university of michigan (masters, 1990), the university of pennsylvania (ph.d., 1993), and stanford university (postdoctoral, 1994-1997). dr. groh has been teaching undergraduate classes on the neural basis of perception and memory for over fifteen years. she is presently a faculty member at the center for cognitive neuroscience and the duke institute for brain sciences at duke university. she also holds appointments in the departments of neurobiology and psychology &amp; neuroscience at duke. dr. grohs research has been supported by a variety of sources including the john s. guggenheim foundation, the national institutes of health, the national science foundation, and the office of naval research young investigator program, the mcknight endowment fund for neuroscience, the john merck scholars program, the ejlb foundation, the alfred p. sloan foundation, the whitehall foundation, and the national organization for hearing research. course introduction and vision (part 1) . vision (part 2), the body, and neural signals . brain maps . sound and brain representations . reference frames and navigation . memory and cognition null null"
mooc	course		miracles of human language: an introduction to linguistics	"null everywhere, every day, everybody uses language. there is no human society, no matter how small or how isolated, which does not employ a language that is rich and diverse. this course introduces you to linguistics, featuring interviews with well-known linguists and with speakers of many different languages. join us to explore the miracles of human language! the miracles of human language introduces you to the many-faceted study of languages, which has amazed humans since the beginning of history. together with speakers of many other languages around the world, as well as with famous linguists such as noam chomsky and adele goldberg, you will learn to understand and analyse how your native tongue is at the same time similar and different from many other languages. you will learn the basic concepts of linguistics, get to know some of the key features of big and small languages and get insight into what linguists do. this course gives an introduction into the study of languages, the field of linguistics. with the support of the basic linguistic terminology that is offered in the course, you will soon be able to comment both on variety between languages, as well as on a single languages internal structure. anyone who wishes to understand how languages work, and how they can give us insight into the human mind is very welcome to join. the course is useful if you want to get a fairly quick introduction into linguistics, for instance because you are considering studying it further, or because you are interested in a neighbouring discipline such as psychology, computer science or anthropology. furthermore, the course will help you develop analytical skills. if you are curious to understand how language works and how it gives insight into the human mind, this course is definitely for you! introduction to linguistics . the study of sound: phonology and phonetics . the study of words and sentences: morphology and syntax . the study of meaning: pragmatics and semantics . language in the brain . language in the society null null"
mooc	course		multiplatform mobile app development with web technologies	"null this course focuses on developing multiplatform mobile applications using the web skills (html5, css and javascript) that you have already acquired so far in the previous courses of this specialization. in particular we make use of the cordova hybrid application framework to develop and target multiple mobile platforms with a single codebase. we make use of the ionic framework, one of fastest growing mobile application frameworks, that is built with mobile-optimized html5 and css based components and angularjs. you will learn about ui development with ionic and then using cordovas modules to access the native mobile platforms capabilities from javascript. you should have already completed the bootstrap and the angularjs courses in this specialization before proceeding with this course. alternately you should already have sufficient knowledge of bootstrap and angularjs before you proceed with this course. at the end of this course you will be able to: - build mobile applications targeting multiple platforms with a single codebase - leverage your html5, css, javascript and angularjs skills - use various features of the ionic framework to build hybrid mobile applications hybrid mobile app development frameworks: an introduction . more ionic css and javascript . deploying your app . accessing native capabilities of devices: cordova and ngcordova null null"
mooc	course		the importance of listening	"null in this second mooc in the social marketing specialization - the importance of listening - you will go deep into the big data of social and gain a more complete picture of what can be learned from interactions on social sites. you will be amazed at just how much information can be extracted from a single post, picture, or video. in this mooc, guest speakers from social gist, broadreader, lexalytics, semantria, radian6, and ibms bluemix and social media analytics tools (sma) will join professor hlavac to take you through the full range of analytics tools and options available to you and how to get the most from them. the best part, most of them will be available to you through the mooc for free! those purchasing the mooc will receive special tools, templates, and videos to enhance your learning experience. in completing this course you will develop a fuller understanding of the data and will be able to increase the effectiveness of your content strategy by making better decisions and spotting crises before they happen! mooc 2 bonus content in the paid toolkit includes access to semantrias analytics engine to extract some data on the markets you are developing and have it analyzed. note: by enrolling in this course, you will be given access to ibms bluemix technology for one month for free as well as lexalytics semantria tool. for those earning a course certificate, you will be given an additional five months of bluemix and three months of semantria at no cost with a special key code generated only for your email address. by enrolling for a course certificate for this mooc, you are acknowledging that your email will be shared with ibm and lexalytics for the sole and express purpose of generating your individual key code. after the key code has been generated, ibm and lexalytics will delete your email from its records. additional mooc 2 faculty include: * steve dodd (svp business development, effyis - dba boardreader and socialgist - global social media content access) * seth redmore (cmo, lexalytics, inc.) * chris gruber (social media analytics solution architect, ibm) * russell beardall (cloud architect, ibm) * tom collinger (executive director spiegel research center and senior director distance learning, medill integrated marketing communications, northwestern) * tressie lieberman (vp digital innovation, taco bell) big data . big information . big insights . real-time in action null null"
mooc	course		inferential statistics	"null this course covers commonly used statistical inference methods for numerical and categorical data. you will learn how to set up and perform hypothesis tests, interpret p-values, and report the results of your analysis in a way that is interpretable for clients or the public. using numerous data examples, you will learn to report estimates of quantities in a way that expresses the uncertainty of the quantity of interest. the course introduces practical tools for performing data analysis and explores the fundamental concepts necessary to interpret and report results for both categorical and numerical data about the specialization and the course . central limit theorem and confidence interval . inference and significance . inference for comparing means . inference for proportions . data analysis project null null"
mooc	course		inferential statistics	"null inferential statistics are concerned with making inferences based on relations found in the sample, to relations in the population. inferential statistics help us decide, for example, whether the differences between groups that we see in our data are strong enough to provide support for our hypothesis that group differences exist in general, in the entire population. we will start by considering the basic principles of significance testing: the sampling and test statistic distribution, p-value, significance level, power and type i and type ii errors. then we will consider a large number of statistical tests and techniques that help us make inferences for different types of data and different types of research designs. for each individual statistical test we will consider how it works, for what data and design it is appropriate and how results should be interpreted. you will also learn how to perform these tests using freely available software. for those who are already familiar with statistical testing: we will look at z-tests for 1 and 2 proportions, mcnemars test for dependent proportions, t-tests for 1 mean (paired differences) and 2 means, the chi-square test for independence, fishers exact test, simple regression (linear and exponential) and multiple regression (linear and logistic), one way and factorial analysis of variance, and non-parametric tests (wilcoxon, kruskal-wallis, sign test, signed-rank test, runs test). before we get started... . comparing two groups . categorical association . simple regression . multiple regression . analysis of variance . non-parametric tests . exam time! null null"
mooc	course		design and make infographics (project-centered course)	"null in this project-centered course*, you will create a content-rich infographic on a topic of your choice using adobe illustrator (which you can download for a free, 30-day trial). you might choose to create a visual representation of data from the world of sports, entertainment, politics, or science, to explain a business trend or environmental issue, or even to present a theme or development from your personal life. your finished infographic will engage your target audience and convey information clearly through effective use of design elements such as typography, color, and structure. whether youre a graphic designer, a writer or the intern in the department, youll learn:  what an infographic is and what makes a good one  how to work within your limits  how to work with a team (if you have one)  why infographics are effective  techniques for spotting data in stories  six valuable steps for planning an effective infographic  how to use and make some of the building blocks of infographics: maps, charts and flow charts  ways data can be visualized to clarify it and give it meaning  how to effectively design a good infographic by effectively using elements like type, color and an underlying grid structure  some free or cheap, online tools for making various kinds of infographics as you work on your project, youll learn more about why infographics are effective, what makes a good infographic, and how to plan and design an infographic for maximum impact. youll explore various approaches to data visualization, and youll practice creating visualizations like maps, charts, flow charts, and simple drawings in your free version of adobe illustrator. please note that if you are new to learning graphics software, making these graphics could take much longer than estimated as you learn and grow. what youll need to get started: this project-based course is aimed at anyone interested in understanding, designing, and using infographics - from students and hobbyists to professional graphic designers. well use adobe illustrator for some components of the project. if you dont have access to the full version of illustrator,you can download a free version at www.adobe.com/illustrator. if the free 30-day trial runs out, you can purchase it for a month for about $20. *about project-centered courses: project centered courses are designed specifically to help you complete a personally meaningful real-world project, with your instructor and a community of like-minded learners providing guidance and suggestions along the way. by actively applying new concepts as you learn, youll master the course content more efficiently; youll also get a head start on using the skills you gain to make positive changes in your life and career. when you complete the course, youll have a finished project that youll be proud to use and share. when you enroll in certain courses, youll be asked to pay a small fee to share your work with others for peer review. plan and layout an infographic . make a chart . make a map . make an infographic null null"
mooc	course		innovating in a digital world	"null facebook, airbnb, tesla, amazon, uber. in just a few years, companies like these have changed the face of the global economy. meanwhile, hundreds of thousands of start-ups are disrupting old business models, taking on centennial industrial groups  and winning. its clear that the rules of business have changed forever. this mooc provides a knowledge toolkit for the ongoing digital revolution. youll discover 15 concepts that are essential for understanding the new mechanisms of digital business and innovation. each concept is explained in its own beautifully designed, content-rich instructional video, along with additional resources for you to explore. the ideas are illustrated with up-to-the-minute case studies and examples from a wide range of industries. week 1 : why digital changes everything week 2 : creating value in a digital world week 3 : thinking and acting differently week 4 : entrepreneurship in a digital world this mooc is ideal for learners from a wide range of backgrounds. it is brought to you by four expert professors and researchers from telecom paristech, a leading european graduate school in the field of digital technology and social science. this mooc is supported by the patrick and lina drahi foundation. follow us! twitter : https://twitter.com/digitalmooc facebook : http://on.fb.me/1p1slxi why digital changes everything . creating value in a digital world . thinking and acting differently . entrepreneurship in a digital world null null"
mooc	course		capstone: analyzing (social) network data	"null in this capstone project well combine all of the skills from all four specialization courses to do something really fun: analyze social networks! the opportunities for learning are practically endless in a social network. who are the influential members of the network? what are the sub-communities in the network? who is connected to whom, and by how many links? these are just some of the questions you can explore in this project. we will provide you with a real-world data set and some infrastructure for getting started, as well as some warm up tasks and basic project requirements, but then itll be up to you where you want to take the project. if youre running short on ideas, well have several suggested directions that can help get your creativity and imagination going. finally, to integrate the skills you acquired in course 4 (and to show off your project!) you will be asked to create a video showcase of your final product.  null null"
mooc	course		international marketing entry and execution	"null this will be part 2 of a two-series foundation courses for the specialization: international marketing &amp; cross industry growth. this course will dive in more deeply into consumer science investigation, b2c marketing, international marketing entry, targeting, positioning, international product, international promotion, international place and international price. the last set of classes will discuss seven new ways to innovate in international marketing that all start with the letter s and hence will be called the 7s international marketing innovation. there will be a heavy emphasis on how companies can incorporate ccci innovation, i.e. cross country and cross industry innovation in marketing. after you successfully complete this course learners will obtain the following outcomes: (1) from a business to consumer standpoint (b2c), learn how to approach consumers as science investigators. (2) an understanding of how to enter international markets, select targets and position their brands. (3) achieve deeper insights into the core meaning of international marketing elements, i.e. product, promotion, place, and price in the international marketing context, and their inter-element relationships with each other. (4) acquire new thinking about innovating in marketing with the 7s approach: social, small, simple, skip, sports, screen, and set marketing with cross-country and cross-industry innovation implications. b2c (business to consumer) marketing . entry, targeting and positioning . marketing mix and cross country &amp; cross industry growth . 7s of international marketing innovation null null"
mooc	course		internet of things: communication technologies	"null have you wondered how things talk to each other and the cloud? do you understand the alternatives for conveying latency-sensitive real time data versus reliable signaling data? building on the skills from the sensing and actuation course, we will explore protocols to exchange information between processors. in this course, you will learn how voip systems like skype work and implement your own app for voice calls and text messages. you will start by using the session initiation protocol (sip) for session management. next, you will learn how voice codecs such as adaptive multi rate (amr) are used in 3g networks and use them for voice traffic in your app. learning goals: after completing this course, you will be able to: 1. implement session initiation, management and termination on your dragonboard 410c using sip. 2. discover other users and exchange device capabilities. 3. compare and contrast narrowband and wideband codecs and experience the voice quality differences between them. 4. implement and demonstrate voip calls using the dragonboard 410c. introduction . terminology/cheat sheet (beginner) . voip in a nutshell . codecs . make your own voip application null null"
mooc	course		internet of things: how did we get here?	"null it is hard to imagine life without your smartphone  you have come to rely on it so much  for your work; to stay in touch with family and friends; to capture and share those special moments; to find your way around in a new neighborhood. did you ever wonder how and when all this happened? or how and when gps sensors came to be in your cell phone? in this course, we will explore the convergence of multiple disciplines leading to todays smartphones. you will learn about the birth and evolution of telephony networks, broadcast networks (tv and radio) and consumer electronics. we will discuss the impact of internet, (multimedia) content, smartphones and apps on everyday lives. we will then look at how this emerging platform called the internet of things  wherein billions and trillions of devices communicating with each other and the cloud  could enable unprecedented, innovative products and services. take this course if you want to understand what great new advances in mobile-enabled products will be coming our way! learning goals: this course provides a core grounding in how science and technology have developed to enable the internet of things  in a way appropriate for any learner. for those interested in developing further hands-on expertise in designing and developing for the internet of things, this course will provide a context to the discoveries and converging technologies that will springboard the next round of innovations. after completing this course, you will be able to: 1. compare how the telephone system works (that is, peer-to-peer networks) with how media delivery works (that is, broadcast/multicast networks). 2. explain the tradeoffs between circuit switched networks (that is, dedicated resources) and packet switched networks (that is, shared resources). 3. tell interesting stories about key innovations that transformed the communications, entertainment and consumer electronics industries. 4. explain how email, youtube, sms, etc. work. 5. find resources for those wishing to do more of a deep-dive into the above topics. welcome . circuit switched networks . packet switched networks . computer telephony . wireless technologies . features and apps . future outlook null null"
mooc	course		internet of things: sensing and actuation from devices	"null have you wondered how information from physical devices in the real world gets communicated to smartphone processors? do you want to make informed design decisions about sampling frequencies and bit-width requirements for various kinds of sensors? do you want to gain expertise to affect the real world with actuators such as stepper motors, leds and generate notifications? in this course, you will learn to interface common sensors and actuators to the dragonboard 410c hardware. you will then develop software to acquire sensory data, process the data and actuate stepper motors, leds, etc. for use in mobile-enabled products. along the way, youll learn to apply both analog-to-digital and digital-to-analog conversion concepts. learning goals: after completing this course, you will be able to: 1. estimate sampling frequency and bit-width required for different sensors. 2. program gpios (general purpose input/output pins) to enable communication between the dragonboard 410c and common sensors. 3. write data acquisition code for sensors such as passive and active infrared (ir) sensors, microphones, cameras, gps, accelerometers, ultrasonic sensors, etc. 4. write applications that process sensor data and take specific actions, such as stepper motors, led matrices for digital signage and gaming, etc. welcome . course 3 lecture series . terminology/cheat sheet (beginner) . gpio programming . amplifier build . stepper motors . led block . infrared sensors . bluetooth remote . dragonboard 410c monitoring and control null null"
mooc	course		internet emerging technologies	"null every information service is connected through the internet. if your work is any bit related to information, there is no excuse, you have to know what the internet is and how it works! the relation of information and the internet is equivalent to the blood and blood vessels of our body, which we have been using and will be using every day of our lives. this course will enlighten your understanding of what the internet is and how it works. ip (internet protocol) ipv4 and ipv6 keep the internet alive by enabling remote computers to communicate through various inter-connected networks through inter-networking technology, which is where the name internet came from. tcp and udp are used by the end devices (e.g., computers, smartphones, servers, clouds) that are communicating to connect applications/services across the internet. the details of ipv4, ipv6, tcp, udp, and internet operations are covered in this course. internet operations . tcp &amp; udp . ip null null"
mooc	course		introduction to genomic technologies	"null this course introduces you to the basic biology of modern genomics and the experimental tools that we use to measure it. well introduce the central dogma of molecular biology and cover how next-generation sequencing can be used to measure dna, rna, and epigenetic patterns. youll also get an introduction to the key concepts in computing and data science that youll need to understand how data from next-generation sequencing experiments are generated and analyzed. this is the first course in the genomic data science specialization. overview . measurement technology . computing technology . data science technology null null"
mooc	course		app design and development for ios	"null in app design and development for ios, the third course of the ios app development with swift specialization, you will be developing foundational programming skills to support graphical element presentation and data manipulation from basic functions through to advanced processing. you will continue to build your skill set to use and apply core graphics, touch handling and gestures, animations and transitions, alerts and actions as well as advanced algorithms, threading and more. by the end of this course you will be able to develop a more advanced, fully functioning app. welcome to app design and development for ios . user interactivity . multiple view controllers &amp; navigation . persistence &amp; networking . introduction to developing for watchos 2 . introduction to developing for tvos . peer assessment null null"
mooc	course		internet of things &amp; augmented reality emerging technologies	"null what is the internet of things? what is augmented reality? this course deals with the new emerging technologies of iot (internet of things) and ar (augmented reality). iot is a new emerging technology domain which will be used to connect all objects through the internet for remote sensing and control. iot uses a combination of wsn (wireless sensor network), m2m (machine to machine), robotics, wireless networking, internet technologies, and smart devices. ar is the most effective technology in providing real-time and real-world view information to users, where advancements in smart devices are expected to trigger various new ar services. currently, iot and ar technologies already exist and available services can be found. however, there is so much more to come in iot and ar technologies, which is why it is so important to understand what can be provided through these technologies and how these technologies work. iot (internet of things) . ar (augmented reality) null null"
mooc	course		java for android	"null this mooc teaches you how to program core features and classes from the java programming language that are used in android, which is the dominant platform for developing and deploying mobile device apps. in particular, this mooc covers key java programming language features that control the flow of execution through an app (such as javas various looping constructs and conditional statements), enable access to structured data (such as javas built-in arrays and common classes in the java collections framework, such as arraylist and hashmap), group related operations and data into classes and interfaces (such as javas primitive and user-defined types, fields, methods, generic parameters, and exceptions), customize the behavior of existing classes via inheritance and polymorphism (such as subclassing and overriding virtual methods). learners will apply these java features in the context of core android components (such as activities and basic ui elements) by applying common tools (such as android studio) needed to develop java programs and useful android apps. learners will work on several hands-on projects throughout the mooc, i.e., each week will require learners to write solutions to programming assignments that reinforce the material covered in the lecture videos. there will be roughly 4-6 hours of student engagement time per week, including video lectures, quizzes, and programming assignments. module 1: mooc overview . module 2: introduction to android studio . module 3: writing a simple android app using basic java features . module 4: control flow . module 5: structured data . module 6: classes and interfaces . moduie 7: inheritance and polymorphism . module 8: android calculator app mini-project assignment null null"
mooc	course		java programming: a diy version of netflix and amazon recommendation engines	"null ever wonder how netflix decides what movies to recommend for you? or how amazon recommends books? we can get a feel for how it works by building a simplified recommender of our own! in this capstone, you will show off your problem solving and java programming skills by creating recommender systems. you will work with data for movies, including ratings, but the principles involved can easily be adapted to books, restaurants, and more. you will write a program to answer questions about the data, including which items should be recommended to a user based on their ratings of several movies. given input files on users ratings and movie titles, you will be able to: 1. read in and parse data into lists and maps; 2. calculate average ratings; 3. calculate how similar a given rater is to another user based on ratings; and 4. make movie recommendations for a type of movie or for a given user based on ratings.  null null"
mooc	course		java programming: solving problems with software	"null building upon dukes programming and the web for beginners course, you will grow in your ability to be a problem-solver and programmer by writing java programs. we are excited that youve chosen to learn java with us! you will soon be able to solve problems that you find interesting and useful by practicing a design process you will learn in this course. java concepts presented in this course include basic control flow; object-oriented concepts including classes and methods; custom, open-source classes; and a design-implement-debug process that you can continue to leverage as you build your experience and knowledge of programming principles. the custom, open-source classes will provide a consistent application programming interface (api) so that you can write programs that access and transform images, websites, comma separated value (csv) files and other data files using simple and accessible coding idioms built on the java iterable interface. you will learn to design, test, and debug programs and to find and read java documentation that can serve as the basis for continued study of java and programming. after completing this course you will be able to: 1. edit, compile, and run a java program; 2. use conditionals and for loops appropriately in a java program; 3. use java api documentation in writing programs. 4. debug a java program using the scientific method; 5. develop a java method to solve a specific problem; 6. develop a set of test cases as part of developing a program; 7. create a class with multiple methods that work together to solve a problem; and 8. use divide-and-conquer design techniques for a program that uses more than one method. welcome to the course . iterables in java . strings in java . csv files and basic statistics in java . miniproject: baby names null null"
mooc	course		"sren kierkegaard - subjectivity, irony and the crisis of modernity"	"null it is often claimed that relativism, subjectivism and nihilism are typically modern philosophical problems that emerge with the breakdown of traditional values, customs and ways of life. the result is the absence of meaning, the lapse of religious faith, and feeling of alienation that is so widespread in modernity. the danish thinker sren kierkegaard (1813-55) gave one of the most penetrating analyses of this complex phenomenon of modernity. but somewhat surprisingly he seeks insight into it not in any modern thinker but rather in an ancient one, the greek philosopher socrates. in this course we will explore how kierkegaard deals with the problems associated with relativism, the lack of meaning and the undermining of religious faith that are typical of modern life. his penetrating analyses are still highly relevant today and have been seen as insightful for the leading figures of existentialism, post-structuralism and post-modernism. course introduction: the life and work of kierkegaard as a socratic task . kierkegaard, martensen and hegelianism . kierkegaards view of socrates . kierkegaard, heiberg and history . kierkegaard, mller and schlegel . the trip to berlin and the beginning of the authorship . the development of the pseudonymous works . the 2nd half of the authorship and the attack on the church null null"
mooc	course		organizational leadership capstone	"null the capstone project consists of a case study that must be addressed to complete the specialization. in the case study, you will be asked to assume the role of the incoming chief executive officer of a fictitious privately held medical device company. from the companys standpoint, its customers are the clinics that use and dispense its products, rather than the end-users of the companys products. the company is currently facing a range of challenges, including obstacles to access for world-wide users of the companys product, as well as internal conflict about the companys priorities and a new disruptive technology. you will be asked to help the board address key changes in the industry, by developing a strategy to meet these challenges. specifically, you will submit artifacts responding to a series of challenges related to the case. the artifacts will be peer-assessed on how effectively you applied concepts and skills explored throughout the specialization, assessed your own skills as a leader, evaluated the data to help you make an informed decision, developed a customer-facing design process, and communicated your strategy to relevant stakeholders.  null null"
mooc	course		leadership through marketing	"null the success of every organization depends on attracting and retaining customers. although the marketing concepts for doing so are well established, digital technology has empowered customers, while producing massive amounts of data, revolutionizing the processes through which organizations attract and retain customers. in this course, students will learn how to identify new opportunities to create value for empowered consumers, develop strategies that yield an advantage over rivals, and develop the data science skills to lead more effectively, allocate resources, and to confront this very challenging environment with confidence. leading strategy with a customer perspective with gregory carpenter . creating a truly customer-focused culture to unleash growth with gregory carpenter and sanjay khosla . leaderships role in analytics with florian zettelmeyer . a working knowledge of data science with florian zettelmeyer null null"
mooc	course		learning how to learn: powerful mental tools to help you master tough subjects	"null this course gives you easy access to the invaluable learning techniques used by experts in art, music, literature, math, science, sports, and many other disciplines. well learn about the how the brain uses two very different learning modes and how it encapsulates (chunks) information. well also cover illusions of learning, memory techniques, dealing with procrastination, and best practices shown by research to be most effective in helping you master tough subjects. using these approaches, no matter what your skill levels in topics you would like to master, you can change your thinking and change your life. if youre already an expert, this peep under the mental hood will give you ideas for: turbocharging successful learning, including counter-intuitive test-taking tips and insights that will help you make the best use of your time on homework and problem sets. if youre struggling, youll see a structured treasure trove of practical techniques that walk you through what you need to do to get on track. if youve ever wanted to become better at anything, this course will help serve as your guide. to join the fully translated portuguese version of the course, visit: https://www.coursera.org/learn/aprender to join the fully translated spanish version of the course, visit: https://www.coursera.org/learn/aprendiendo-a-aprender to join the fully translated chinese version of the course, visit: https://www.coursera.org/learn/ruhe-xuexi what is learning? . chunking . procrastination and memory . renaissance learning and unlocking your potential null null"
mooc	course		imagining other earths	"null are we alone? this course introduces core concepts in astronomy, biology, and planetary science that enable the student to speculate scientifically about this profound question and invent their own solar systems. introduction . the universe is big! . what is life? . why is mercury hot? . snowball earth . planetary atmospheres . mercury and venus . mars . the moon . small bodies of the solar system . keplers law and search for extrasolar planets . kepler and transits . einstein and the search for planets . properties of stars . stellar evolution . quantum mechanics and fingerprinting planets . optics and imaging planets . formation of the earth and the origin of water . biochemistry of life . is earth special? origin of life . evolution of life . extremophiles . extinctions . what makes a habitable planet? . habitable zone, fermi paradox &amp; seti null null"
mooc	course		advanced linear models for data science 1 : linear models	"null welcome to the advanced linear models for data science class 1: least squares. this class is an introduction to least squares from a linear algebraic and mathematical perspective. before beginning the class make sure that you have the following: - a basic understanding of linear algebra and multivariate calculus. - a basic understanding of statistics and regression models. - at least a little familiarity with proof based mathematics. - basic knowledge of the r programming language. after taking this course, students will have a firm foundation in a linear algebraic treatment of regression modeling. this will greatly augment applied data scientists general understanding of regression models. background . one and two parameter regression . linear regression . general least squares . least squares examples . bases and residuals null null"
mooc	course		linear regression and modeling	"null this course introduces simple and multiple linear regression models. these models allow you to assess the relationship between variables in a data set and a continuous response variable. is there a relationship between the physical attractiveness of a professor and their student evaluation scores? can we predict the test score for a child based on certain characteristics of his or her mother? in this module, you will learn the fundamental theory behind linear regression and, through data examples, learn to fit, examine, and utilize regression models to examine relationships between multiple variables. about linear regression and modeling . linear regression . more about linear regression . multiple regression . final project null null"
mooc	course		dorusal cebir i: uzaylar ve ilemciler / linear algebra i: spaces and operators	"null bu ders dorusal cebir ikili dizinin birincisidir. dorusal uzaylar kavram, dorusal ilemciler, matris gsterimleri ve denklem sistemlerinin hesaplanabilmesi iin temel aralar vb. konular iermektedir. ders gerek yaamdan gelen uygulamalar da tantmaya nem veren ierikli yaklamla tasarlanmtr. blmler: blm 1: dorusal cebirin matematikdeki yeri ve kapsam blm 2: dzlemdeki vektrlerin rettikleri blm 3: iki bilinmeyenli denklemlerin rettikleri blm 4: dorusal uzaylar blm 5: fonksiyon uzaylar ve fourier serileri blm 6: dorusal ilemciler ve dnmler blm 7: dorusal ilemcilerden matrislere gei blm 8: matris ilemleri ----------- this is the first of the sequence of two courses. it develops the fundamental concepts in linear spaces, linear operators, matrix representations and basic tools for calculations with systems of equations. the course is designed with a content based emphasis, answering the why and where of the topics, as much as the traditional what and how leading to definitions and proofs. chapters: chapter 1: place and contents of linear algebra cebirin chapter 2: learning from vectors in the plane chapter 3: learning from equations for two unknowns chapter 4: linear spaces chapter 5: function spaces and fourier series chapter 6: linear operators and transformations chapter 7: from linear operators to matrices chapter 8: matrix operations ----------- kaynak: attila akar, dorusal cebir. bu kitap drt ciltlik dizinin nc cildidir. dizinin dier kitaplar cilt 1 tek deikenli fonksiyonlarda trev ve entegral, cilt 2: ok deikenli fonksiyonlarda trev ve entegral ve cilt 4: diferansiyel denklemler dir. source: attila akar, linear algebra, volume 3 of the set of vol1: calculus of single variable functions, volume 2: calculus of multivariable functions and volume 4: differential equations. dorusal cebirin matematikdeki yeri ve kapsam / place and contents of linear algebra . dzlemdeki vektrlerin rettikleri / learning from vectors in the plane . iki bilinmeyenli denklemlerin rettikleri / learning from equations for two unknowns . dorusal uzaylar / linear spaces . fonksiyon uzaylar ve fourier serileri / function spaces and fourier series . dorusal ilemciler ve dnmler / linear operators and transformations . dorusal ilemcilerden matrislere gei / from linear operators to matrices . matris ilemleri / matrix operations null null"
mooc	course		"dorusal cebir ii: kare matrisler, hesaplama yntemleri ve uygulamalar / linear algebra ii: square matrices, calculation methods and applications"	"null dorusal cebir ikili dizinin ikincisi olan bu ders birinci derste verilen temel bilgilerin zerine eklemeler yaplarak tamamen matris ilemleri ve uygulamalarn kapsamaktadr. cebirsel denklem sistemleri, sonularn tekillii ve var olup olmad, determinantlar ve onlarn doal olarak nasl olutuu, z deer problemleri ve onlarn matris fonksiyonlarna uygulan vb. konulara derste deinilmektedir. ders gerek yaamdan gelen uygulamalar da tantmaya nem veren ierikli yaklamla tasarlanmtr. blmler: blm 1: dorusal cebir iin zeti blm 2: kare matrislerde determinant blm 3: kare matrislerin tersi blm 4: kare matrislerde zdeer sorunu blm 5: matrislerin kegenletirilmesi blm 6: matris fonksiyonlar blm 7: matrislerle diferansiyel denklem takmlar ----------- this second of the sequence of two courses builds on the fundamentals of the first course, is entirely on matrix algebra and applications. specifically, the studies include systems of algebraic equations including the existence and uniqueness of solutions, determinants and how they arise naturally, eigenvalue problems with their applications to diagonalization and matrix functions. the course is designed in the same spirit as the first one with a content based emphasis, answering the why and where of the topics, as much as the traditional what and how leading to definitions and proofs. chapters: chapter 1: summary of linear algebra i chapter 2: determinant chapter 3: inverse of square matrices chapter 4: eigenvalue problem in square matrices chapter 5: diagonalization of matrices chapter 6: matrix functions chapter 7: matrices and systems of differential equations ----------- kaynak: attila akar, dorusal cebir. bu kitap drt ciltlik dizinin nc cildidir. dizinin dier kitaplar cilt 1 tek deikenli fonksiyonlarda trev ve entegral, cilt 2: ok deikenli fonksiyonlarda trev ve entegral ve cilt 4: diferansiyel denklemler dir. source: attila akar, linear algebra, volume 3 of the set of vol1: calculus of single variable functions, volume 2: calculus of multivariable functions and volume 4: differential equations. dorusal cebir iin zeti / summary of linear algebra i . kare matrislerde determinant / determinant in square matrices . kare matrislerin tersi / inverse of square matrices . kare matrislerde zdeer sorunu / eigenvalue problem in square matrices . matrislerin kegenletirilmesi / diagonalization of matrices . matris fonksiyonlar / matrix functions . matrislerle diferansiyel denklem takmlar / matrices and systems of differential equations null null"
mooc	course		machine learning for data analysis	"null are you interested in predicting future outcomes using your data? this course helps you do just that! machine learning is the process of developing, testing, and applying predictive algorithms to achieve this goal. make sure to familiarize yourself with course 3 of this specialization before diving into these machine learning concepts. building on course 3, which introduces students to integral supervised machine learning concepts, this course will provide an overview of many additional concepts, techniques, and algorithms in machine learning, from basic classification to decision trees and clustering. by completing this course, you will learn how to apply, test, and interpret machine learning algorithms as alternative methods for addressing your research questions. decision trees . random forests . lasso regression . k-means cluster analysis null null"
mooc	course		machine learning	"null machine learning is the science of getting computers to act without being explicitly programmed. in the past decade, machine learning has given us self-driving cars, practical speech recognition, effective web search, and a vastly improved understanding of the human genome. machine learning is so pervasive today that you probably use it dozens of times a day without knowing it. many researchers also think it is the best way to make progress towards human-level ai. in this class, you will learn about the most effective machine learning techniques, and gain practice implementing them and getting them to work for yourself. more importantly, youll learn about not only the theoretical underpinnings of learning, but also gain the practical know-how needed to quickly and powerfully apply these techniques to new problems. finally, youll learn about some of silicon valleys best practices in innovation as it pertains to machine learning and ai. this course provides a broad introduction to machine learning, datamining, and statistical pattern recognition. topics include: (i) supervised learning (parametric/non-parametric algorithms, support vector machines, kernels, neural networks). (ii) unsupervised learning (clustering, dimensionality reduction, recommender systems, deep learning). (iii) best practices in machine learning (bias/variance theory; innovation process in machine learning and ai). the course will also draw from numerous case studies and applications, so that youll also learn how to apply learning algorithms to building smart robots (perception, control), text understanding (web search, anti-spam), computer vision, medical informatics, audio, database mining, and other areas. introduction . linear regression with one variable . linear algebra review . linear regression with multiple variables . octave/matlab tutorial . logistic regression . regularization . neural networks: representation . neural networks: learning . advice for applying machine learning . machine learning system design . support vector machines . unsupervised learning . dimensionality reduction . anomaly detection . recommender systems . large scale machine learning . application example: photo ocr null null"
mooc	course		managing data analysis	"null this one-week course describes the process of analyzing data and how to manage that process. we describe the iterative nature of data analysis and the role of stating a sharp question, exploratory data analysis, inference, formal statistical modeling, interpretation, and communication. in addition, we will describe how to direct analytic activities within a team and to drive the data analysis process towards coherent and useful results. this is a focused course designed to rapidly get you up to speed on the process of data analysis and how it can be managed. our goal was to make this as convenient as possible for you without sacrificing any essential content. weve left the technical information aside so that you can focus on managing your team and moving it forward. after completing this course you will know how to. 1. describe the basic data analysis iteration 2. identify different types of questions and translate them to specific datasets 3. describe different types of data pulls 4. explore datasets to determine if data are appropriate for a given question 5. direct model building efforts in common data analyses 6. interpret the results from common data analyses 7. integrate statistical findings to form coherent data analysis presentations commitment: 1 week of study, 4-6 hours course cover image by fdecomite. creative commons by https://flic.kr/p/4hjmvd managing data analysis null null"
mooc	course		marketing analytics	"null organizations large and small are inundated with data about consumer choices. knowing how to interpret data is the challenge -- and marketers in particular are increasingly expected to use analytics to inform and justify their decisions. this course gives you the tools to measure brand and customer assets, perform regression analysis, and design experiments as a way to evaluate and optimize marketing campaigns. real-world examples with companies such as snapple, ibm, and netflix show how marketing analytics informs important decisions. this course is ideal for learners who want to grow their knowledge, develop their career portfolio, and improve the effectiveness of their marketing campaigns. week 1: marketing resource allocation week 2: metrics for measuring brand assets week 3: customer lifetime value week 4: regression basics week 5: marketing experiments marketing resource allocation . metrics for measuring brand assets . customer lifetime value . regression basics . marketing experiments null null"
mooc	course		market research and consumer behavior	"null the first course in this specialization is separated into two main sections and provides you with the perfect start for your marketing journey. gain the tools and techniques to translate a decision problem into a research question in the market research module. learn how to design a research plan, analyze the data gathered and accurately interpret and communicate survey reports, translating the results into practical recommendations. the second module focuses in on the consumer decision-making process, highlighting the key moments from identifying a need to buying and consuming a product. adopt a true consumer focus in your managerial decisions by analyzing how consumers make decisions, what happens (in their hearts and minds) at different stages of the decision making process, and the variables that influence those decisions. consumer behavioral fundamentals . the consumer decision process . marketing research fundamentals . marketing research data collection &amp; analysis null null"
mooc	course		digital analytics for marketing professionals: marketing analytics in theory	"null learn the introductory theory and strategy behind marketing analytics that provides marketers with the foundation needed to apply data analytics to real-world challenges they confront daily in their professional lives. this course is part of the imba offered by the university of illinois, a flexible, fully-accredited online mba at an incredibly competitive price. for more information, please see the resource page in this course and onlinemba.illinois.edu. course overview and digital influence on marketing . basics of web analytics . basic analytics techniques and the data . promise and pitfalls of digital data null null"
mooc	course		mastering bitumen for better roads and innovative applications	"null during the four coming weeks, best experts in bitumen will bring you their knowledge and experience to build a strong understanding of todays realities and new perspectives on the future of bitumen. total is the european leader on bitumen markets. innovation has always been the key to sustainability and durability in the products they develop. their main objective here is to share technical knowledge and experience to insure bitumen are being used in the most effective and efficient ways for their different applications in road works. ecole des ponts, france oldest engineering school, remains very much in the present, as it has always been, in training engineers in order to meet the needs of our society and citizens in key areas such as transport housing and urban services, but also in fields like energy, environment, climate sciences, land-use planning and sustainable development. nineteen world recognized experts on bitumen are contributing to this mooc. the idea is to provide the broadest prism on this topic area with speakers coming from research, industry and end users. bitumen market, generalities, the manufacture of bitumen, transport, uses of bitumen, main developments and alternatives . constitution, structure and characterization of bitumen - specifications-rheology . modifications of bitumen and applications (roads, roofing,) . health, safety, environment &amp; quality concerns regarding bitumen, and examples of research &amp; innovation actions null null"
mooc	course		material behavior	"null have you ever wondered why ceramics are hard and brittle while metals tend to be ductile? why some materials conduct heat or electricity while others are insulators? why adding just a small amount of carbon to iron results in an alloy that is so much stronger than the base metal? in this course, you will learn how a materials properties are determined by the microstructure of the material, which is in turn determined by composition and the processing that the material has undergone. this is the first of three coursera courses that mirror the introduction to materials science class that is taken by most engineering undergrads at georgia tech. the aim of the course is to help students better understand the engineering materials that are used in the world around them. this first section covers the fundamentals of materials science including atomic structure and bonding, crystal structure, atomic and microscopic defects, and noncrystalline materials such as glasses, rubbers, and polymers. introduction difficulty: easy || student effort: 1hr 30mins, . atomic structure and bonding difficulty: easy || student effort: 2hrs, . crystalline structure level of difficulty: medium || student effort: 2hrs 30mins, . point defects and diffusion level of difficulty: medium || student effort: 2hrs 30mins, . linear, planar, and volumetric defects level of difficulty: medium || student effort: 2hrs 40mins, . noncrystalline and semicrystalline materials level of difficulty: medium || student effort: 2hrs 30mins, null null"
mooc	course		materials data sciences and informatics	"null this course aims to provide a succinct overview of the emerging discipline of materials informatics at the intersection of materials science, computational science, and information science. attention is drawn to specific opportunities afforded by this new field in accelerating materials development and deployment efforts. a particular emphasis is placed on materials exhibiting hierarchical internal structures spanning multiple length/structure scales and the impediments involved in establishing invertible process-structure-property (psp) linkages for these materials. more specifically, it is argued that modern data sciences (including advanced statistics, dimensionality reduction, and formulation of metamodels) and innovative cyberinfrastructure tools (including integration platforms, databases, and customized tools for enhancement of collaborations among cross-disciplinary team members) are likely to play a critical and pivotal role in addressing the above challenges. welcome . accelerating materials development and deployment . materials knowledge and materials data science . materials knowledge improvement cycles . case study in homogenization: plastic properties of two-phase composites . materials innovation cyberinfrastructure and integrated workflows null null"
mooc	course		material processing	"null have you ever wondered why ceramics are hard and brittle while metals tend to be ductile? why some materials conduct heat or electricity while others are insulators? why adding just a small amount of carbon to iron results in an alloy that is so much stronger than the base metal? in this course, you will learn how a materials properties are determined by the microstructure of the material, which is in turn determined by composition and the processing that the material has undergone. this is the second of three coursera courses that mirror the introduction to materials science class that is taken by most engineering undergrads at georgia tech. the aim of the course is to help students better understand the engineering materials that are used in the world around them. this first section covers the fundamentals of materials science including atomic structure and bonding, crystal structure, atomic and microscopic defects, and noncrystalline materials such as glasses, rubbers, and polymers. phase diagrams and phase equilibria . kinetics of structural transformations null null"
mooc	course		materials science: 10 things every engineer should know	"null we explore 10 things that range from the menu of materials available to engineers in their profession to the many mechanical and electrical properties of materials important to their use in various engineering fields. we also discuss the principles behind the manufacturing of those materials. by the end of the course, you will be able to: recognize the important aspects of the materials used in modern engineering applications, explain the underlying principle of materials science: structure leads to properties, identify the role of thermally activated processes in many of these important things  as illustrated by the arrhenius relationship. relate each of these topics to issues that have arisen (or potentially could arise) in your life and work. if you would like to explore the topic in more depth you may purchase dr. shackelfords textbook: j.f. shackelford, introduction to materials science for engineers, eighth edition, pearson prentice-hall, upper saddle river, nj, 2015 course overview / the menu of materials / point defects explain solid state diffusion . dislocations explain plastic deformation / stress vs. strain -the big four mechanical properties . creep deformation / the ductile-to-brittle transition . fracture toughness / fatigue . making things fast and slow / a brief history of semiconductors null null"
mooc	course		introduction to programming with matlab	"null this course teaches computer programming to those with little to no previous experience. it uses the programming system and language called matlab to do so because it is easy to learn, versatile and very useful for engineers and other professionals. matlab is a special-purpose language that is an excellent choice for writing moderate-size programs that solve problems involving the manipulation of numbers. the design of the language makes it possible to write a powerful program in a few lines. the problems may be relatively complex, while the matlab programs that solve them are relatively simple: relative, that is, to the equivalent program written in a general-purpose language, such as c++ or java. as a result, matlab is being used in a wide variety of domains from the natural sciences, through all disciplines of engineering, to finance, and beyond, and it is heavily used in industry. hence, a solid background in matlab is an indispensable skill in todays job market. nevertheless, this course is not a matlab tutorial. it is an introductory programming course that uses matlab to illustrate general concepts in computer science and programming. students who successfully complete this course will become familiar with general concepts in computer science, gain an understanding of the general concepts of programming, and obtain a solid foundation in the use of matlab. students taking the course will get a matlab online license free of charge for the duration of the course. the students are encouraged to consult the ebook that this course is based on. more information about these resources can be found on the resources menu on the right. course pages . the matlab environment . matrices and operators . functions . programmers toolbox . selection . loops . data types . file input/output null null"
mooc	course		"mechanics: motion, forces, energy and gravity, from particles to planets"	"null most of the phenomena in the world around you are, at the fundamental level, based on physics, and much of physics is based on mechanics. mechanics begins by quantifying motion, and then explaining it in terms of forces, energy and momentum. this allows us to analyse the operation of many familiar phenomena around us, but also the mechanics of planets, stars and galaxies. this on-demand course is recommended for senior high school and university students, science teachers and anyone with a curiosity about basic physics. the course uses rich multimedia tutorials to present the material: film clips of key experiments, animations and worked example problems, all with a friendly narrator. youll do a range of interesting practice problems, and in an optional component, you will use your ingenuity to complete at-home experiments using simple, everyday materials. you will need some simple high-school mathematics: arithmetic, a little algebra, quadratic equations, and the sine, cosine and tangent functions from trigonometry. the course does not use calculus. however, we do provide a study aid introducing the calculus that would accompany this course if it were taught in a university. by studying mechanics in this course, you will understand with greater depth many of the wonders around you in everyday life, in technology and in the universe at large. meanwhile, we think youll have some fun, too. introduction and basic tools . velocity and acceleration . motion in two dimensions . newtons laws of motion . weight, friction and spring forces . work, energy and power . momentum and collisions . gravity null null"
mooc	course		introduction to meteor.js development	"null in this course, you will learn how to create a complete, multi-user web site using the meteor.js framework and mongodb. you will implement user authentication, security features, reactive templates and routing using iron router. you will carry out key database operations such as inserting, removing and updating data as well as sorting and filtering. you will see how a complete application can be built, line by line. at the end of the course, you will be able to: 1. install the meteor.js system and create a web application 2. work with the meteor.js packaging system 3. write meteor.js templates that can reactively display data 4. use insert, remove and update operations on mongodb 5. write mongodb data filters to search for and sort data 6 .add user authentication functionality to a website 7. control what is displayed on the page using iron:router 8. implement basic security features in this course, you will complete: 1 server install assignment taking ~1 hour to complete 1 programming assignment taking ~8 hours to complete 4 quizzes, each taking ~20 minutes to complete multiple practice quizzes, each taking ~5 minutes to complete prerequisites this course is designed to build on top of the material delivered in the previous two courses in this specialisation. therefore, we recommend that if you find this course too technically challenging that you first complete the previous courses before re-commencing this one. specifically, we expect you to be able to code basic html, css and javascript before you take this course. participation in or completion of this online course will not confer academic credit for university of london programmes introduction to meteor.js development course overview . introduction to meteor . databases and collections . user authentication . security and routing null null"
mooc	course		dealing with missing data	"null this course will cover the steps used in weighting sample surveys, including methods for adjusting for nonresponse and using data external to the survey for calibration. among the techniques discussed are adjustments using estimated response propensities, poststratification, raking, and general regression estimation. alternative techniques for imputing values for missing items will be discussed. for both weighting and imputation, the capabilities of different statistical software packages will be covered, including r, stata, and sas.  null null"
mooc	course		machine learning capstone: an intelligent application with deep learning	"null have you ever wondered how a product recommender is built? how you can infer the underlying sentiment from reviews? how you can extract information from images to find visually-similar products to recommend? how you construct an application that does all of these things in real time, and provides a front-end user experience? thats what you will build in this course! using what youve learned about machine learning thus far, you will build a general product recommender system that does much more than just find similar products you will combine images of products with product descriptions and their reviews to create a truly innovative intelligent application. youve probably heard that deep learning is making news across the world as one of the most promising techniques in machine learning, especially for analyzing image data. with every industry dedicating resources to unlock the deep learning potential, to be competitive, you will want to use these models in tasks such as image tagging, object recognition, speech recognition, and text analysis. in this capstone, you will build deep learning models using neural networks, explore what they are, what they do, and how. to remove the barrier introduced by designing, training, and tuning networks, and to be able to achieve high performance with less labeled data, you will also build deep learning classifiers tailored to your specific task using pre-trained models, which we call deep features. as a core piece of this capstone project, you will implement a deep learning model for image-based product recommendation. you will then combine this visual model with text descriptions of products and information from reviews to build an exciting, end-to-end intelligent application that provides a novel product discovery experience. you will then deploy it as a service, which you can share with your friends and potential employers. learning outcomes: by the end of this capstone, you will be able to: -explore a dataset of products, reviews and images. -build a product recommender. -describe how a neural network model is represented and how it encodes non-linear features. -combine different types of layers and activation functions to obtain better performance. -use pretrained models, such as deep features, for new classification tasks. -describe how these models can be applied in computer vision, text analytics and speech recognition. -use visual features to find the products your users want. -incorporate review sentiment into the recommendation. -build an end-to-end application. -deploy it as a service. -implement these techniques in python.  null null"
mooc	course		machine learning: classification	"null case studies: analyzing sentiment &amp; loan default prediction in our case study on analyzing sentiment, you will create models that predict a class (positive/negative sentiment) from input features (text of the reviews, user profile information,...). in our second case study for this course, loan default prediction, you will tackle financial data, and predict when a loan is likely to be risky or safe for the bank. these tasks are an examples of classification, one of the most widely used areas of machine learning, with a broad array of applications, including ad targeting, spam detection, medical diagnosis and image classification. in this course, you will create classifiers that provide state-of-the-art performance on a variety of tasks. you will become familiar with the most successful techniques, which are most widely used in practice, including logistic regression, decision trees and boosting. in addition, you will be able to design and implement the underlying algorithms that can learn these models at scale, using stochastic gradient ascent. you will implement these technique on real-world, large-scale machine learning tasks. you will also address significant tasks you will face in real-world applications of ml, including handling missing data and measuring precision and recall to evaluate a classifier. this course is hands-on, action-packed, and full of visualizations and illustrations of how these techniques will behave on real data. weve also included optional content in every module, covering advanced topics for those who want to go even deeper! learning objectives: by the end of this course, you will be able to: -describe the input and output of a classification model. -tackle both binary and multiclass classification problems. -implement a logistic regression model for large-scale classification. -create a non-linear model using decision trees. -improve the performance of any model using boosting. -scale your methods with stochastic gradient ascent. -describe the underlying decision boundaries. -build a classification model to predict sentiment in a product review dataset. -analyze financial data to predict loan defaults. -use techniques for handling missing data. -evaluate your models using precision-recall metrics. -implement these techniques in python (or in the language of your choice, though python is highly recommended). welcome! . linear classifiers &amp; logistic regression . learning linear classifiers . overfitting &amp; regularization in logistic regression . decision trees . preventing overfitting in decision trees . handling missing data . boosting . precision-recall . scaling to huge datasets &amp; online learning null null"
mooc	course		machine learning: clustering &amp; retrieval	"null case studies: finding similar documents a reader is interested in a specific news article and you want to find similar articles to recommend. what is the right notion of similarity? moreover, what if there are millions of other documents? each time you want to a retrieve a new document, do you need to search through all other documents? how do you group similar documents together? how do you discover new, emerging topics that the documents cover? in this third case study, finding similar documents, you will examine similarity-based algorithms for retrieval. in this course, you will also examine structured representations for describing the documents in the corpus, including clustering and mixed membership models, such as latent dirichlet allocation (lda). you will implement expectation maximization (em) to learn the document clusterings, and see how to scale the methods using mapreduce. learning outcomes: by the end of this course, you will be able to: -create a document retrieval system using k-nearest neighbors. -identify various similarity metrics for text data. -reduce computations in k-nearest neighbor search by using kd-trees. -produce approximate nearest neighbors using locality sensitive hashing. -compare and contrast supervised and unsupervised learning tasks. -cluster documents by topic using k-means. -describe how to parallelize k-means using mapreduce. -examine probabilistic clustering approaches using mixtures models. -fit a mixture of gaussian model using expectation maximization (em). -perform mixed membership modeling using latent dirichlet allocation (lda). -describe the steps of a gibbs sampler and how to use its output to draw inferences. -compare and contrast initialization techniques for non-convex optimization objectives. -implement these techniques in python.  null null"
mooc	course		machine learning foundations: a case study approach	"null do you have data and wonder what it can tell you? do you need a deeper understanding of the core ways in which machine learning can improve your business? do you want to be able to converse with specialists about anything from regression and classification to deep learning and recommender systems? in this course, you will get hands-on experience with machine learning from a series of practical case-studies. at the end of the first course you will have studied how to predict house prices based on house-level features, analyze sentiment from user reviews, retrieve documents of interest, recommend products, and search for images. through hands-on practice with these use cases, you will be able to apply machine learning methods in a wide range of domains. this first course treats the machine learning method as a black box. using this abstraction, you will focus on understanding tasks of interest, matching these tasks to machine learning tools, and assessing the quality of the output. in subsequent courses, you will delve into the components of this black box by examining models and algorithms. together, these pieces form the machine learning pipeline, which you will use in developing intelligent applications. learning outcomes: by the end of this course, you will be able to: -identify potential applications of machine learning in practice. -describe the core differences in analyses enabled by regression, classification, and clustering. -select the appropriate machine learning task for a potential application. -apply regression, classification, clustering, retrieval, recommender systems, and deep learning. -represent your data as features to serve as input to machine learning models. -assess the model quality in terms of relevant error metrics for each task. -utilize a dataset to fit a model to analyze new data. -build an end-to-end application that uses machine learning at its core. -implement these techniques in python. welcome . regression: predicting house prices . classification: analyzing sentiment . clustering and similarity: retrieving documents . recommending products . deep learning: searching for images . closing remarks null null"
mooc	course		machine learning: recommender systems &amp; dimensionality reduction	"null case study: recommending products how does amazon recommend products you might be interested in purchasing? how does netflix decide which movies or tv shows you might want to watch? what if you are a new user, should netflix just recommend the most popular movies? who might you form a new link with on facebook or linkedin? these questions are endemic to most service-based industries, and underlie the notion of collaborative filtering and the recommender systems deployed to solve these problems. in this fourth case study, you will explore these ideas in the context of recommending products based on customer reviews. in this course, you will explore dimensionality reduction techniques for modeling high-dimensional data. in the case of recommender systems, your data is represented as user-product relationships, with potentially millions of users and hundred of thousands of products. you will implement matrix factorization and latent factor models for the task of predicting new user-product relationships. you will also use side information about products and users to improve predictions. learning outcomes: by the end of this course, you will be able to: -create a collaborative filtering system. -reduce dimensionality of data using svd, pca, and random projections. -perform matrix factorization using coordinate descent. -deploy latent factor models as a recommender system. -handle the cold start problem using side information. -examine a product recommendation application. -implement these techniques in python.  null null"
mooc	course		machine learning: regression	"null case study - predicting housing prices in our first case study, predicting house prices, you will create models that predict a continuous value (price) from input features (square footage, number of bedrooms and bathrooms,...). this is just one of the many places where regression can be applied. other applications range from predicting health outcomes in medicine, stock prices in finance, and power usage in high-performance computing, to analyzing which regulators are important for gene expression. in this course, you will explore regularized linear regression models for the task of prediction and feature selection. you will be able to handle very large sets of features and select between models of various complexity. you will also analyze the impact of aspects of your data -- such as outliers -- on your selected models and predictions. to fit these models, you will implement optimization algorithms that scale to large datasets. learning outcomes: by the end of this course, you will be able to: -describe the input and output of a regression model. -compare and contrast bias and variance when modeling data. -estimate model parameters using optimization algorithms. -tune parameters with cross validation. -analyze the performance of the model. -describe the notion of sparsity and how lasso leads to sparse solutions. -deploy methods to select between models. -exploit the model to form predictions. -build a regression model to predict prices using a housing dataset. -implement these techniques in python. welcome . simple linear regression . multiple regression . assessing performance . ridge regression . feature selection &amp; lasso . nearest neighbors &amp; kernel regression . closing remarks null null"
mooc	course		model thinking	"null we live in a complex world with diverse people, firms, and governments whose behaviors aggregate to produce novel, unexpected phenomena. we see political uprisings, market crashes, and a never ending array of social trends. how do we make sense of it? models. evidence shows that people who think with models consistently outperform those who dont. and, moreover people who think with lots of models outperform people who use only one. why do models make us better thinkers? models help us to better organize information - to make sense of that fire hose or hairball of data (choose your metaphor) available on the internet. models improve our abilities to make accurate forecasts. they help us make better decisions and adopt more effective strategies. they even can improve our ability to design institutions and procedures. in this class, i present a starter kit of models: i start with models of tipping points. i move on to cover models explain the wisdom of crowds, models that show why some countries are rich and some are poor, and models that help unpack the strategic decisions of firm and politicians. the models covered in this class provide a foundation for future social science classes, whether they be in economics, political science, business, or sociology. mastering this material will give you a huge leg up in advanced courses. they also help you in life. heres how the course will work. for each model, i present a short, easily digestible overview lecture. then, ill dig deeper. ill go into the technical details of the model. those technical lectures wont require calculus but be prepared for some algebra. for all the lectures, ill offer some questions and well have quizzes and even a final exam. if you decide to do the deep dive, and take all the quizzes and the exam, youll receive a course certificate. if you just decide to follow along for the introductory lectures to gain some exposure thats fine too. its all free. and its all here to help make you a better thinker! why model &amp; segregation/peer effects . aggregation &amp; decision models . thinking electrons: modeling people &amp; categorical and linear models . tipping points &amp; economic growth . diversity and innovation &amp; markov processes . midterm exam . lyapunov functions &amp; coordination and culture . path dependence &amp; networks . randomness and random walks &amp; colonel blotto . prisoners dilemma and collective action &amp; mechanism design . learning models: replicator dynamics &amp; prediction and the many model thinker . final exam null null"
mooc	course		  (modern combinatorics)	"null  -  , ,   ,     ,   ,    ,      ,             - , ,  ,    ., -     .  ,  ,     :          ,         computer science,    ,     ,    .             ,       :        ,       ,   ,  ,   .               ,  , ,  ,     .               .        .    7    1  .     ,  10%    (5%   5%   ).         ,     15%   .            50%    .         .    .   .    .   .  .   .   . .   .  null null"
mooc	course		moral foundations of politics	"null when do governments deserve our allegiance, and when should they be denied it? this course explores the main answers that have been given to this question in the modern west. we start with a survey of the major political theories of the enlightenment: utilitarianism, marxism, and the social contract tradition. in each case we begin with a look of classical formulations, locating them in historical context, but then shift to the contemporary debates as they relate to politics today. next we turn to the rejection of enlightenment political thinking, again exploring both classical and contemporary formulations. the last part of the course deals with the nature of, and justifications for, democratic politics, and their relations to enlightenment and anti-enlightenment political thinking. in addition to exploring theoretical differences among the various authors discussed, considerable attention is devoted to the practical implications of their competing arguments. to this end, we discuss a variety of concrete problems, including debates about economic inequality, affirmative action and the distribution of health care, the limits of state power in the regulation of speech and religion, and difficulties raised by the emerging threat of global environmental decay. welcome to moral foundations of politics . enlightenment political theory . utilitarianism: classical and neoclassical . marxism, its failures and its legacy . the social contract tradition i . the social contract tradition ii . anti-enlightenment politics . democracy null null"
mooc	course		music as biology: what we like to hear and why	"null the course will explore the tone combinations that humans consider consonant or dissonant, the scales we use, and the emotions music elicits, all of which provide a rich set of data for exploring music and auditory aesthetics in a biological framework. analyses of speech and musical databases are consistent with the idea that the chromatic scale (the set of tones used by humans to create music), consonance and dissonance, worldwide preferences for a few dozen scales from the billions that are possible, and the emotions elicited by music in different cultures all stem from the relative similarity of musical tonalities and the characteristics of voiced (tonal) speech. like the phenomenology of visual perception, these aspects of auditory perception appear to have arisen from the need to contend with sensory stimuli that are inherently unable to specify their physical sources, leading to the evolution of a common strategy to deal with this fundamental challenge. course introduction . sound signals, sound stimuli, and the human auditory system . the perception of sound stimuli . vocalization and vocal tones . defining music and exploring why we like it . musical scales . music, emotion, and cultural differences . additional resources null null"
mooc	course		survey of music technology	"null how can we use computers to create expressive, compelling music? and how can we write computer software to help us create and organize sounds in new ways? this course provides a hands-on introduction to the field of music technology as both a creative musical practice and an interdisciplinary technical research pursuit. students will be able to compose music in digital audio workstation software using both audio and symbolic representations; to write code to algorithmically generate music, analyze sound, and design sound; and to describe the essential theory and history behind these activities as well as their connection to cutting-edge computer music research. through the exploration of topics such as acoustics, psychoacoustics, digital sound, digital signal processing, audio synthesis, spectral analysis, algorithmic composition, and music information retrieval, we will explore the deep relationships between art and science, between theory and practice, and between experimental and popular electronic music. we will learn about these topics in the context of digital audio workstation (daw) software, the multi-track editing paradigm that has been dominant in music production since the 1980s. as we learn about the foundations behind such software, we will use this knowledge to more effectively create music with it, and we will also write a series of short software programs that extend the softwares ability to manipulate, transform, and analyze sound. module 1: introduction and the basics of sound . module 2: digital audio workstations . module 3: working with midi . module 4: algorithmic composition basic techniques . module 5: algorithmic composition advanced . module 6: future directions null null"
mooc	course		understanding the music business: what is music worth?	"null this course will examine the music industry in the united states, with the unique perspective gained by vanderbilt universitys location in nashville, tn. nashville is a major center of music in the united states, and the music created here has a global reach, particularly in the country, rock, pop, singer-songwriter, and americana genres. however, students will learn that the basic principles of recording, marketing, copyright, licensing, and live performance are the same, regardless of musical style or genre. the music business is one of the most rapidly changing industries in the us today. it is also an industry filled with contradiction, and media headlines and anecdotal stories often add to the confusion. here are just a few statements paraphrased from recent news stories: * the music business has collapsed * demand for music is expanding at the greatest rate in history * historic recording studios are closing at an alarming rate * more people are making recordings than ever before * musicians usually lose money touring * musicians usually make money touring * major artist pulls songs off streaming services because they dont pay fairly * major artist makes a fortune from streaming services * people wont buy records anymore * vinyl record sales are soaring this course will attempt to make sense of these seemingly contradictory trends and data, outline the basic structure and mechanisms of todays music industry, and encourage students to think critically and entrepreneurially about the future of music. leaders from various areas of the music business will lend their perspectives through in-depth interviews, and footage from a recording session will give learners a behind the scenes look at how a song goes from the spark of an idea hummed into a cell phone to a finished recording. participants will grapple with questions about art and commerce which are both timeless and crucially important today, and will emerge from this course with tools allowing them to make more informed decisions as creators, promoters, and consumers of music. course launches february 19, 2016. recording &amp; record labels, part 1 . recording &amp; record labels, part 2 . copyright &amp; publishing . media . live performance . new models, trends &amp; strategies . wrapping up null null"
mooc	course		"nanotechnology and nanosensors, part1"	"null nanotechnology and nanosensors are broad, interdisciplinary areas that encompass (bio)chemistry, physics, biology, materials science, electrical engineering and more. the present course will provide a survey on some of the fundamental principles behind nanotechnology and nanomaterials and their vital role in novel sensing properties and applications. the course will discuss interesting interdisciplinary scientific and engineering knowledge at the nanoscale to understand fundamental physical differences at the nanosensors. by the end of the course, students will understand the fabrication, characterization, and manipulation of nanomaterials, nanosensors, and how they can be exploited for new applications. also, students will apply their knowledge of nanotechnology and nanosensors to a topic of personal interest in this course. ---------------- course objectives the course main objective is to enhance critical, creative, and innovative thinking. the course encourages multicultural group work, constructing international thinking tanks for the creation of new ideas. throughout the course, you will be asked to reflect upon your learning, think out of the box, and suggest creative ideas. the course is set to encourage the understanding of: 1. the importance of nanoscale materials for sensing applications. 2. approaches used for characterizing sensors based nanomaterials. 3. approaches used for tailoring nanomaterials for a specific sensing application. 4. metallic and semiconductor nanoparticles. 5. organic and inorganic nanotubes and nanowires. 6. optical, mechanical and chemical sensors based on nanomaterials. 7. hybrid nanomaterial-based sensors. ---------------- we recommend that you read the following supplementary reading materials: -ji janata, principles of chemical sensors, springer, 2d edition (1989). -roger george jackson, novel sensors and sensing, crc press (2004). _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ teaching team about professor haick hossam professor hossam haick is an expert in the field of nanotechnology, nanosensors, and non-invasive disease diagnosis. prof. haick is the recipient of the prestigious marie curie excellence award, erc award, and the fp-7 health award. he is also the recipient of more than 42 international honors and prizes for his achievements, including a knight of the order of academic palms (conferred by the french government) and the list of the worlds top 35 young scientists, and the discovery award of the bill &amp; melinda gates. prof. haick is the founder and the leader of a european consortium of eight universities and companies for the development of advanced generation of nanosensors for disease diagnosis. he also serves as an associate editor of the two journals and serves as an advisory consultant to the chemical abstracts service (cas)  the worlds authority for chemical information - a senior scientific advisory member of several national and international companies and institutes, and as a scientific evaluator in the european commission. email: hhossam@technion.ac.il _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ course staff meital bar-segev, teaching assistant: received her b.a. (cum laude) in chemistry and b.sc (cum laude) in materials engineering from the technion  israel institute of technology (both in 2010). during her studies, she worked in a student position at tower semiconductors ltd. after graduation she worked at alfred mann institute in the technion (amit) as a process development engineer. currently, she performs her ph.d. degree (direct track) in the russell berrie nanotechnology institute (rbni) of the technion under the supervision of prof. hossam haick. the research of meital focuses is the development of electronic skin based on nanoparticles. abeer watted, teaching assistant: received her b.sc. and m.sc. in transportation and highways engineering from the technion. she is a ph.d. student at the faculty of education in science and technology at the technion, under the supervision of asst. prof. miri barak. she received a second master degree in educatu in science and technology from the technion in 2013. her research focuses on science education and inquiry-based laboratories. currently, abeer works as a lecturer at al-qasemi academic college of education, where she serves also as the head of civil engineering department. maya usher, teaching assistant: received her b.a. and m.a. (cum laude) in communication studies from sapir academic college and ben gurion university- israel (2009; 2013 respectively). currently, maya is a phd. candidate at the faculty of education in science and technology at the technion, under the supervision of asst. prof. miri barak. her research focuses on examining online collaborative learning in small multicultural groups. muhammad khatib, teaching assistant: received his b.sc in biochemical engineering from the technion  israel institute of technology (2015). his final research project, conducted with prof. avi schroeder, dealt with harnessing liposome-based drug delivery systems to applications in precise agriculture. currently, he performs his ph.d. (special track) in the department of chemical engineering of the technion under the supervision of prof. hossam haick, and his research focuses on self-healing devices for monitoring infectious diseases. miri barak, pedagogical advisor: assistant professor at the faculty of education in science and technology, technion- israel institute of technology. she is the head of the science and learning technologies group and the advisor of graduate students. her academic activities focus on developing, integrating, and evaluating science education curricula at school and higher education levels. her studies involve the use of information and communication technologies (ict), with emphasis on emerging web-2.0 and cloud applications, to foster meaningful learning and high-order thinking. introduction to nanotechnology, part 1 . introduction to nanotechnology, part 2 . introduction to sensors science and technology . metal nanoparticles-based sensors . quantum dots sensor null null"
mooc	course		"nanotechnology and nanosensors, part 2"	"null learn about novel sensing tools that make use of nanotechnology to screen, detect and monitor various events in personal or professional life. together, we will lay the groundwork for infinite innovative applications, starting from diagnosis and treatments of diseases, continuing with quality control of goods and environmental aspects, and ending with monitoring security issues. _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ nanotechnology and nanosensors are broad, interdisciplinary areas that encompass (bio)chemistry, physics, biology, materials science, electrical engineering and more. the present course will provide a survey on some of the fundamental principles behind nanotechnology and nanomaterials and their vital role in novel sensing properties and applications. the course will discuss interesting interdisciplinary scientific and engineering knowledge at the nanoscale to understand fundamental physical differences at the nanosensors. by the end of the two parts of the course, students will understand the fabrication, characterization, and manipulation of nanomaterials, nanosensors, and how they can be exploited for new applications. also, students will apply their knowledge of nanotechnology and nanosensors to a topic of personal interest in this course. - - - - - - - -- -- -- - - - - course objectives the course main objective is to enhance critical, creative, and innovative thinking. the course encourages multicultural group work, constructing international thinking tanks for the creation of new ideas. throughout the course, you will be asked to reflect upon your learning, think out of the box, and suggest creative ideas. the two parts of the course are set to encourage the understanding of: 1. the importance of nanoscale materials for sensing applications. 2. approaches used for characterizing sensors based nanomaterials. 3. approaches used for tailoring nanomaterials for a specific sensing application. 4. metallic and semiconductor nanoparticles. 5. organic and inorganic nanotubes and nanowires. 6. optical, mechanical and chemical sensors based on nanomaterials. 7. hybrid nanomaterial-based sensors. ---------------- we recommend that you read the following supplementary reading materials: -ji janata, principles of chemical sensors, springer, 2d edition (1989). -roger george jackson, novel sensors and sensing, crc press (2004). _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ teaching team about professor haick hossam professor hossam haick is an expert in the field of nanotechnology, nanosensors, and non-invasive disease diagnosis. prof. haick is the recipient of the prestigious marie curie excellence award, erc award, and the fp-7 health award. he is also the recipient of more than 42 international honors and prizes for his achievements, including a knight of the order of academic palms (conferred by the french government) and the list of the worlds top 35 young scientists, and the discovery award of the bill &amp; melinda gates. prof. haick is the founder and the leader of a european consortium of eight universities and companies for the development of advanced generation of nanosensors for disease diagnosis. he also serves as an associate editor of the two journals and serves as an advisory consultant to the chemical abstracts service (cas)  the worlds authority for chemical information - a senior scientific advisory member of several national and international companies and institutes, and as a scientific evaluator in the european commission. email: hhossam@technion.ac.il _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ course staff meital bar-segev, teaching assistant: received her b.a. (cum laude) in chemistry and b.sc (cum laude) in materials engineering from the technion  israel institute of technology (both in 2010). during her studies, she worked in a student position at tower semiconductors ltd. after graduation she worked at alfred mann institute in the technion (amit) as a process development engineer. currently, she performs her ph.d. degree (direct track) in the russell berrie nanotechnology institute (rbni) of the technion under the supervision of prof. hossam haick. the research of meital focuses is the development of electronic skin based on nanoparticles. abeer watted, teaching assistant: received her b.sc. and m.sc. in transportation and highways engineering from the technion. she is a ph.d. student at the faculty of education in science and technology at the technion, under the supervision of asst. prof. miri barak. she received a second master degree in educatu in science and technology from the technion in 2013. her research focuses on science education and inquiry-based laboratories. currently, abeer works as a lecturer at al-qasemi academic college of education, where she serves also as the head of civil engineering department. maya usher, teaching assistant: received her b.a. and m.a. (cum laude) in communication studies from sapir academic college and ben gurion university- israel (2009; 2013 respectively). currently, maya is a phd. candidate at the faculty of education in science and technology at the technion, under the supervision of asst. prof. miri barak. her research focuses on examining online collaborative learning in small multicultural groups. muhammad khatib, teaching assistant: received his b.sc in biochemical engineering from the technion  israel institute of technology (2015). his final research project, conducted with prof. avi schroeder, dealt with harnessing liposome-based drug delivery systems to applications in precise agriculture. currently, he performs his ph.d. (special track) in the department of chemical engineering of the technion under the supervision of prof. hossam haick, and his research focuses on self-healing devices for monitoring infectious diseases. miri barak, pedagogical advisor: assistant professor at the faculty of education in science and technology, technion- israel institute of technology. she is the head of the science and learning technologies group and the advisor of graduate students. her academic activities focus on developing, integrating, and evaluating science education curricula at school and higher education levels. her studies involve the use of information and communication technologies (ict), with emphasis on emerging web-2.0 and cloud applications, to foster meaningful learning and high-order thinking. nanowire-based sensors . carbon nanotube-based sensors . sensors based on nanostructures of metal oxide . sensors based on polymeric nanostructures . electronic skin based on nanotechnology null null"
mooc	course		"natural attenuation of groundwater contaminants: new paradigms, technologies, and applications"	"null cleaning up the large number of groundwater contamination sites is a significant and complex environmental challenge. the environmental industry is continuously looking for remediation methods that are both effective and cost-efficient. over the past 10 years there have been amazing, important developments in our understanding of key attenuation processes and technologies for evaluating natural attenuation processes, and a changing institutional perspective on when and where monitored natural attenuation (mna) may be applied. despite these advances, restoring groundwater contaminated by anthropogenic sources to allow for unrestricted use continues to be a challenge. because of a complex mix of physical, chemical, and biological constraints associated with active in-situ cleanup technologies, there has been a long standing focus on understanding natural processes that attenuate groundwater contaminant plumes. we will build upon basic environmental science and environmental engineering principles to discover how to best implement mna as a viable treatment for groundwater contamination plumes. additionally we will delve into the history behind and make predictions about the new directions for this technology. any professional working in the environmental remediation industry will benefit from this in-depth study of mna. we will use lectures, readings, and computational exercises to enhance our understanding and implementation of mna. at the completion of this course, students will have updated understanding and practical tools that can be applied to all possible mna sites.  null null"
mooc	course		network analysis in systems biology	"null an introduction to data integration and statistical methods used in contemporary systems biology, bioinformatics and systems pharmacology research. the course covers methods to process raw data from genome-wide mrna expression studies (microarrays and rna-seq) including data normalization, differential expression, clustering, enrichment analysis and network construction. the course contains practical tutorials for using tools and setting up pipelines, but it also covers the mathematics behind the methods applied within the tools. the course is mostly appropriate for beginning graduate students and advanced undergraduates majoring in fields such as biology, math, physics, chemistry, computer science, biomedical and electrical engineering. the course should be useful for researchers who encounter large datasets in their own research. the course presents software tools developed by the maayan laboratory (http://icahn.mssm.edu/research/labs/maayan-laboratory) from the icahn school of medicine at mount sinai, but also other freely available data analysis and visualization tools. the ultimate aim of the course is to enable participants to utilize the methods presented in this course for analyzing their own data for their own projects. for those participants that do not work in the field, the course introduces the current research challenges faced in the field of computational systems biology. course overview and introductions . topological and network evolution models . types of biological networks . data processing and identifying differentially expressed genes . gene set enrichment and network analyses . deep sequencing data processing and analysis . principal component analysis, self-organizing maps, network-based clustering and hierarchical clustering . resources for data integration . crowdsourcing: microtasks and megatasks . final exam null null"
mooc	course		networks illustrated: principles without calculus	"null what makes wifi faster at home than at a coffee shop? how does google order its search results from the trillions of webpages on the internet? why does verizon charge $15 for every gb of data we use? is it really true that we are connected in six social steps or less? these are just a few of the many intriguing questions we can ask about the social and technical networks that form integral parts of our daily lives. this course is about exploring the answers, using a language that anyone can understand. we will focus on fundamental principles like sharing is hard, crowds are wise, and network of networks that have guided the design and sustainability of todays networks, and summarize the theories behind everything from the social connections we make on platforms like facebook to the technology upon which these websites run. unlike other networking courses, the mathematics included here are no more complicated than adding and multiplying numbers. while mathematical details are necessary to fully specify the algorithms and systems we investigate, they are not required to understand the main ideas. we use illustrations, analogies, and anecdotes about networks as pedagogical tools in lieu of detailed equations. introduction . power control in cellular networks . random access in wifi networks . pagerank by google . product rating on amazon . movie recommendation on netflix . midterm . viral videos on youtube . influencing people in social networks . pricing data . routing traffic through the internet . controlling congestion in the internet . its a small world . final exam null null"
mooc	course		introduction to neurohacking in r	"null neurohacking describes how to use the r programming language (https://cran.r-project.org/) and its associated package to perform manipulation, processing, and analysis of neuroimaging data. we focus on publicly-available structural magnetic resonance imaging (mri). we discuss concepts such as inhomogeneity correction, image registration, and image visualization. by the end of this course, you will be able to: read/write images of the brain in the nifti (neuroimaging informatics technology initiative) format visualize and explore these images perform inhomogeneity correction, brain extraction, and image registration (within a subject and to a template).  null null"
mooc	course		introduction to natural language processing	"null this course provides an introduction to the field of natural language processing. it includes relevant background material in linguistics, mathematics, probabilities, and computer science. some of the topics covered in the class are text similarity, part of speech tagging, parsing, semantics, question answering, sentiment analysis, and text summarization. the course includes quizzes, programming assignments in python, and a final exam. course syllabus week one (introduction 1/2) (1:35:31) week two (introduction 2/2) (1:36:26) week three (nlp tasks and text similarity) (1:42:52) week four (syntax and parsing, part 1) (1:48:14) week five (syntax and parsing, part 2) (1:50:29) week six (language modeling and word sense disambiguation) (1:40:33) week seven (part of speech tagging and information extraction) (1:33:21) week eight (question answering) (1:16:59) week nine (text summarization) (1:33:55) week ten (collocations and information retrieval) (1:29:40) week eleven (sentiment analysis and semantics) (1:09:38) week twelve (discourse, machine translation, and generation) (1:30:57) the course assignments will all be in python. course format the class will consist of lecture videos, which are typically between 10 and 25 minutes in length. the lectures contain 1-2 integrated quiz questions per video. grading is based on three programming assignments, weekly quizzes, and a final exam.  null null"
mooc	course		engagement &amp; nurture marketing strategies	"null in this third course in the social marketing specialization - the engagement &amp; nurture marketing strategies - you will learn two of the most effective social strategies used by organizations today. youll see real-world best practice examples and learn what metrics they use to gauge success. you will also learn the importance of infographics and the impact a well-designed landing page can have on your bottom line. all of the social skills you have learned thus far will be put into action with a multimedia filter and focus blog that you will create to demonstrate how social can enable real-time marketing results. after this mooc, you will have developed a plan to reach your target consumer markets and know when it is best to either use or avoid specific social marketing strategies. additional mooc 3 faculty include: * randy krum (data visualization &amp; infographics designer | consultant | author | speaker | president, infonewt) * stanford smith (ceo, pushing social) * andy crestodina (co-founder &amp; strategic director, orbit media studios) * ellen valentine (veteran marketing leader &amp; evangelist, silverpop, ibm) social strategy overview . engagement strategy . nurture marketing strategy . developing a great blog null null"
mooc	course		object oriented programming in java	"null have you wondered how huge software projects, like the google search engine, are developed? in this course, youll move beyond coding in the main method to learn to design and build more complex java software projects (though not quite as complex as the google search engine!). well explore how to divide up a large project into a hierarchy of classes and how to increase the functionality of your projects by importing existing libraries. well also look at some core algorithms for searching for and sorting data. and along the way, you will develop an exciting interactive application with a graphical user interface. in this course we want you to be inspired to create. youll dive into a course project right away, with each lesson designed around concepts that are directly applicable to extending the projects functionality. the video lectures include both core content as well as testimonials and stories from real-world software engineers, conversations between real students who are learning the material that you will likely relate to, and numerous support videos that you can turn to if you get stuck. welcome and project overview: visualizing data . objects, memory models, and scope . graphical output: creating guis and displaying data . inheritance . guis: responding to user events . searching and sorting: from code to algorithms . finishing up null null"
mooc	course		international leadership and organizational behavior	"null leaders in business and non-profit organizations increasingly work across national borders and in multi-cultural environments. you may work regularly with customers or suppliers abroad, or be part of a globally dispersed cross-functional team, or an expatriate manager on an international assignment. you may be a member of a global online community, or a development aid worker collaborating with an international network of partner organizations. in all of these contexts, your effectiveness as a leader depends on how well you understand and are able to manage individual and collective behaviors in an intercultural context. in this course  together with a team of bocconi expert faculty and bocconi alumni  well explore the theory and practice of international and intercultural leadership and organizational behavior. social science research has revealed systematic ways in which our behavior differs across cultural contexts  enabling us to more effectively work across borders. insights from psychology, neuroscience, sociology and anthropology, from communication studies and from management scholarship allow us to understand what shapes individual and group decision making, what enhances or weakens team performance, and how we can build and use our social networks. and the shared practical experience of international leaders allows us to identify concrete steps to enhancing intercultural leadership competence, and to be cognizant of common leadership challenges. learning about organizational behavior provides a great opportunity to develop your leadership skills and to reflect on your own behavioral tendencies. how do you usually make important decisions? what motivates you and how do you try motivating others? how successfully do you leverage and integrate diverse skills and views in a team? do you prefer professional relationships with a close-knit group of trusted colleagues, or with a far-flung network of acquaintances from all walks of life? if you really want to learn how organizations behave and take decisions and at the same time develop leadership skills, then this is the course for you. we are looking forward to welcoming you and supporting you on this journey of learning and discovery. course syllabus week 1 - leadership acumen. international perspective on leadership, common traps &amp; challenges, and opportunities of intercultural leadership. week 2 - navigating culture. impact of cultural differences on organizations, decoding culture, culture classifications and stereotyping, developing intercultural intelligence. week 3 - communication. communication and its impact on leadership identity and relationships, managing communication to improve decision making, steps for developing your intercultural communication skills. week 4 - motivation. views on individual motivation, cultural differences in motivation, developing motivation and commitment in teams. week 5 - networking. patterns of interpersonal relationships in/across organizations, strategically developing social networks and social capital, norms for networking across cultures. week 6 - conflict. effective / defective conflict management approaches, dealing with ethical dilemmas. week 7 - outro and aknowledgements thanks to the participation of our alumni and of the bocconi alumni association, participants will have practical insights on international leadership. recommended background all are welcome! some prior exposure to basic issues of organizational behavior (communication, decision making, motivation, etc.) is useful, but not required. leadership acumen . navigating culture . communicating effectively . motivating followers . building professional networks . managing conflicts . takeaways and recommendations null null"
mooc	course		classical papers in molecular genetics	"null you have all heard about the dna double helix and genes. many of you know that mutations occur randomly, that the dna sequence is read by successive groups of three bases (the codons), that many genes encode enzymes, and that gene expression can be regulated. these concepts were proposed on the basis of astute genetic experiments, as well as often on biochemical results. the original articles were these concepts appeared are however not frequently part of the normal curriculum of biologists, biochemists and medical students. this course proposes to read study and discuss a small selection of these classical papers, and to put these landmarks in their historical context. most of the authors displayed interesting personal histories and many of their contributions go beyond not only the papers we will read but probably all their scientific papers. our understanding of the scientific process, of the philosophy underlying the process of scientific discovery, and on the integration of new concepts is not only important for the history of science but also for the mental development of creative science. session 1 . session 2 . session 3 . session 4 . session 5 . session 6 . session 7 . session 8 . session 9 . session 10 . session 11 . session 12 null null"
mooc	course		parallel programming	"null with every smartphone and computer now boasting multiple processors, the use of functional ideas to facilitate parallel programming is becoming increasingly widespread. in this course, youll learn the fundamentals of parallel programming, from task parallelism to data parallelism. in particular, youll see how many familiar ideas from functional programming map perfectly to to the data parallel paradigm. well start the nuts and bolts how to effectively parallelize familiar collections operations, and well build up to parallel collections, a production-ready data parallel collections library available in the scala standard library. throughout, well apply these concepts through several hands-on examples that analyze real-world data, such as popular algorithms like k-means clustering. learning outcomes. by the end of this course you will be able to: - reason about task and data parallel programs, - express common algorithms in a functional style and solve them in parallel, - competently microbenchmark parallel code, - write programs that effectively use parallel collections to achieve performance recommended background: you should have at least one year programming experience. proficiency with java or c# is ideal, but experience with other languages such as c/c++, python, javascript or ruby is also sufficient. you should have some familiarity using the command line. this course is intended to be taken after functional program design in scala: https://www.coursera.org/learn/progfun2. parallel programming . basic task parallel algorithms . data-parallelism . data structures for parallel computing null null"
mooc	course		introduction to people analytics	"null this course is designed to provide you with an understanding of the role of data and technology in human capital management. every topic in the course will be covered in the most practical way so that learners get hands-on experience. in the course we use the 4ts principle: task, theory, technique and technology so that there is always a connection to organizational performance objectives, an overview of underlying theories and principles, and specific tools which help achieve business objectives. you will learn  what combination of data, technologies, and tools can be used in people management processes to improve organizations performance  how to use some of these tools and how to select the ones that suit your objectives and budget  to design individual and team development plans and measure its roi for the organization  how to figure out the qualities that lead employees to their best performance so you know what to encourage in current and look for in new employees  how to identify the right channels to recruit your employees or team members  what combination of monetary and non-monetary motivation tools work best for your organization  how to predict what people will leave in the near future and how to make sure some of them stay  how to measure engagement and make a strong organizational culture improve performance introduction . performance . culture and assessments . compensation . motivation and engagement . workforce planning and recruitment . development null null"
mooc	course		performance assessment in the virtual classroom	"null effective measures of performance and assessment are a crucial component of any virtual program. teachers and administrators must understand both the myths and challenges of assessing performance virtually, administering standardized testing with geographical challenges, and complying with state and local requirements to make sure students are meeting requirements. this course will discuss student performance in a virtual classroom, formats of virtual assessments, assessing special populations, including at-risk, gifted, and special needs students, data analysis of virtual course gradebooks, and learning management systems as related to performance and assessment. this course will enable teachers to see the importance of communication and organization in managing virtual caseloads, and monitoring student learning remotely through the effective use of learning management system features. week 1: the importance of performance and assessment in the virtual classroom . week 2: assessing students virtually, academic integrity, and administering high stakes testing at a distance . week 3: data analysis and grade book management in the virtual classroom . week 4: performance and assessment for special populations: gifted, at-risk, and special needs students . week 5: instructional feedback, monitoring performance and assessment using technology null null"
mooc	course		case studies in personalized medicine	"null learn how advances in biomedicine hold the potential to revolutionize drug development, drug treatments, and disease prevention: where are we now, and what does the future hold? this course will present short primers in genetics and mechanisms underlying variability in drug responses. a series of case studies will be used to illustrate principles of how genetics are being brought to bear on refining diagnoses and on personalizing treatment in rare and common diseases. the ethical and operational issues around how to implement large scale genomic sequencing in clinical practice will be addressed. after completing this course, learners will understand 1. the ways in which genetic variants can contribute to human disease susceptibility 2. how to choose among drug therapies based on genetic factors 3. that the functional consequences of the vast majority of genetic variants discovered by modern sequencing are unknown. this course is targeted primarily at physicians 5+ years out of training. other healthcare providers, medical/health sciences students, and members of the public may also be interested. course launches january 15, 2016. * the information presented in case studies in personalized medicine is offered for educational and informational purposes only, and should not be construed as personal medical advice. if you have questions or concerns about a medical matter, please consult your doctor or other professional healthcare provider. unit 1: introduction to personalized medicine . unit 2: studying genetic variation . unit 3: case studies in personalized medicine, part 1 . unit 4: case studies in personalized medicine, part 2 . unit 5: personalized medicine in a system of care . final reflection activity null null"
mooc	course		be persuasive: write a convincing position paper or policy advice (project-centered course)	"null in this project-centered course, you will learn everything you need to research and present an effective and persuasive position paper or policy advice. we recommend you sign up for a certificate as this course is on premium grading and you will only enjoy the full benefit of the project if you can join in with the assignments. in addition this course contains the exciting opportunity to research and analyze historical decisionmaking, international relations, business cases and battles in an effort to truly understand constructing a convincing argument. most important decisions in life, and many unimportant ones, are taken after some degree of reflection. if those decisions affect other people, we may take some advice and we might even follow it. the larger the issue and the greater number of people involved, the more likely that advice process will be institutionalised. most of us tend to think of policy advice in the context of things as counsel to politicians in matters of national security or policy-making by governments. of course, we also know that it takes place on a regular basis within businesses and other organisations. but it also happens in local politics and in local campaigns and in everyday life. every time you try to influence someones decision, you are offering policy advice. even if you are not planning to be an active advisor, the discipline of collecting and arranging the necessary materials is useful in all kinds of research and writing exercises. writing a policy advice is what we call a transferrable skill. the course requires an academic approach, but no previous experience. the projects can be completed by both novices and advanced learners. one thing is certain. both groups will learn a lot from the experience. what is a policy advice? in its simplest form, a policy advice is a short paper that argues your position on a particular issue and the course of action you propose. it also tries to convince the audience to adopt your position and to take action on your advice. what advice can i give? you may well have a topic already, based on your work or your social situation. this could be a piece of equipment your firm might want to buy or a new market it might wish to enter. it could be a campaign for a local play area or against pollution in local ground-water. in this case it is a question of arranging and presenting your position, and discussing it with others in a similar position. on the other hand, you might be open for suggestions. in this case, we have prepared some topics covering business case studies, issues of current affairs, and historical examples. for example, you could look into the archives advise harry truman to adopt a different policy towards the soviet union at the start of the cold war. alternatively you could suggest advise the incas in 1532 not to be so trusting in their dealings with the spanish. after all, you will know the outcome. so the course should appeal to everyone interested in practical policy-making as well as amateur historians, strategy gamers. everyone can have fun applying these techniques to their favourite topics. what will i learn? the project-based course is designed so that you learn by doing rather than by listening. the assignments that you complete, the feedback that you receive and the assignments of others that you read and upon which you comment are all intrinsic parts of the course. the lectures are designed to act as signposts along the way and the readings allow you to explore some of the issues in greater depth. during the whole course experience you will learn to:  frame a starting position for your own research  use search engines to locate materials required for your advice  explore academic data-bases  annotate your sources correctly  target your research for statistical data  choose a visualisation for your statistical data  construct an argument in a logical manner  build up the logic in each paragraph  conduct a swot analysis  conduct a risk analysis  present the materials in a position paper  convert the position paper to a policy advice  recognise the policy-making hierarchy and shaping the advice accordingly  write a powerful and effective powerpoint presentation  place your project in the real world context of the policy-cycle  and ... discover a great, great deal about your chosen topic. how much time will the course take? the lecture materials in each module will themselves take no more than 30 minutes to view and review. each module is accompanied by selected reading materials, but these are not compulsory. there is also a skills lab with extra literature and videos to assist you to improve your writing, computer and presentation skills. combining these parts of the course, and assuming that you make some use of all the facilities offered, the on-platform time should take no more than an one hour for each module. the project-time depends on the degree of advancement in the project choice. if you come with a ready prepared idea and knowledge of the area, then the project-time should in total be approximately four to five hours. if you decide to use the suggestions in our collections, then you should add another three to four hours to familiarise yourself with the subject and the necessary materials. if you should decide to start a completely new project from scratch, the you would need to add another three hours or so to orient yourself in the problem and then locating the required materials. about project-centered courses: project-centered courses are designed to help you complete a personally meaningful real-world project, with your instructor and a community of learners with similar goals providing guidance and suggestions along the way. by actively applying new concepts as you learn, youll master the course content more efficiently; youll also get a head start on using the skills you gain to make positive changes in your life and career. when you complete the course, youll have a finished project that youll be proud to use and share getting started . writing the position paper . writing the policy advice . presentation and reflection null null"
mooc	course		introduction to philosophy	"null this course will introduce you to some of the main areas of research in contemporary philosophy. each module a different philosopher will talk you through some of the most important questions and issues in their area of expertise. well begin by trying to understand what philosophy is  what are its characteristic aims and methods, and how does it differ from other subjects? then well spend the rest of the course gaining an introductory overview of several different areas of philosophy. topics youll learn about will include: epistemology, where well consider what our knowledge of the world and ourselves consists in, and how we come to have it; philosophy of science, where well investigate foundational conceptual issues in scientific research and practice; philosophy of mind, where well ask questions about what it means for something to have a mind, and how minds should be understood and explained; moral philosophy, where well attempt to understand the nature of our moral judgements and reactions  whether they aim at some objective moral truth, or are mere personal or cultural preferences, and; metaphysics, where well think through some fundamental conceptual questions about the nature of reality. the development of this mooc has been led by the university of edinburghs eidyn research centre. to accompany introduction to philosophy, we are pleased to announce a tie-in book from routledge entitled philosophy for everyone. this course companion to the introduction to philosophy course was written by the edinburgh philosophy team expressly with the needs of mooc students in mind. philosophy for everyone contains clear and user-friendly chapters, chapter summaries, glossary, study questions, suggestions for further reading and guides to online resources. please click start here and navigate to the optional reading page for more information. what is philosophy? . what is knowledge? and do we have any? . minds, brains and computers . morality: objective, relative or emotive? . should you believe what you hear? . are scientific theories true? . time travel and philosophy null null"
mooc	course		capstone: photo tourist web application	"null in this capstone project for the photo tourist you will implement a ruby on rails web application that makes use of both a relational and nosql database for the backend and expose the data through services to the internet using web services and a responsive user interface operating in a browser from a desktop and mobile device. you will have a chance to revisit and apply what you have learned in our previous courses to build and deploy a fully functional web application to the cloud accessible to your co-workers, future employers, friends, and family. in developing the photo tourist web application, you will get to work with different data types and data access scenarios (e.g., fielded data display and update, image upload/download, text search, access controlled information) to provide your users the ability to show off their photos and information from trips they have taken and to seek out photos and information from trips taken by others. using the application you develop, your users will be able to  create an account  upload and download photos to the site and make them accessible to others  provide descriptions of trips and photos that others can read  organize photos by location and trip,  find photos based on location  find photos based on text searches of descriptions  locate the place where the photo was taken on a map  null null"
mooc	course		seeing through photographs	"null although taking, sharing, and viewing photographs has become second nature for many of us, our regular engagement with images does not necessarily make us visually literate. this course aims to address the gap between seeing and truly understanding photographs by introducing a diversity of ideas, approaches, and technologies that inform their making. in this course you will look closely at photographs from the collection of the museum of modern art and hear a variety of perspectives on what a photograph is and the ways that photography has been used throughout its nearly 180 year history: as a means of artistic expression, as a tool for science and exploration; as an instrument of documentation; to tell stories and record histories; and as a mode of communication and critique in our ever increasingly visual culture. introduction to seeing through photographs . one subject, many perspectives . documentary photography . pictures of people . constructing narratives &amp; challenging histories . ocean of images: photography &amp; contemporary culture null null"
mooc	course		ancient philosophy: plato &amp; his predecessors	"null what is philosophy? how does it differ from science, religion, and other modes of human discourse? this course traces the origins of philosophy in the western tradition in the thinkers of ancient greece. we begin with the presocratic natural philosophers who were active in ionia in the 6th century bce and are also credited with being the first scientists. thales, anaximander, and anaximines made bold proposals about the ultimate constituents of reality, while heraclitus insisted that there is an underlying order to the changing world. parmenides of elea formulated a powerful objection to all these proposals, while later greek theorists (such as anaxagoras and the atomist democritus) attempted to answer that objection. in fifth-century athens, socrates insisted on the importance of the fundamental ethical questionhow shall i live?and his pupil, plato, and platos pupil, aristotle, developed elaborate philosophical systems to explain the nature of reality, knowledge, and human happiness. after the death of aristotle, in the hellenistic period, epicureans and stoics developed and transformed that earlier tradition. we will study the major doctrines of all these thinkers. part i will cover plato and his predecessors. part ii will cover aristotle and his successors. the milesians &amp; heraclitus . parmenides to plato . plato on virtue, teaching, &amp; justice . plato on reality &amp; goodness null null"
mooc	course		"revolutionary ideas: borders, elections, constitutions, prisons"	"null what is the purpose of government? why should we have a state? what kind of state should we have? even within a political community, there may be sharp disagreements about the role and purpose of government. some want an active, involved government, seeing legal and political institutions as the means to solve our most pressing problems, and to help bring about peace, equality, justice, happiness, and to protect individual liberty. others want a more minimal government, motivated, perhaps, by some of the disastrous political experiments of the 20th century, and the thought that political power is often just a step away from tyranny. in many cases, these disagreements arise out of deep philosophical disagreements. all political and legal institutions are built on foundational ideas. in this course, we will explore those ideas, taking the political institutions and political systems around us not as fixed and unquestionable, but as things to evaluate and, if necessary, to change. we will consider the ideas and arguments of some of the worlds most celebrated philosophers, including historical thinkers such as plato, hugo grotius, david hume, thomas jefferson, and james madison, and more contemporary theorists such as michelle alexander, kwame anthony appiah, bryan caplan, angela davis, ronald dworkin, jon elster, john hart ely, h.l.a. hart, michael huemer, andrew rehfeld, and jeremy waldron. the aim of the course is not to convince you of the correctness of any particular view or political position, but to provide you with a deeper and more philosophically-informed basis for your own views, and, perhaps, to help you better understand the views of those with whom you disagree. introduction to part ii of the course . political community and borders . representatives, elections, and lotteries . constitutions . prisons and punishment &amp; conclusions null null"
mooc	course		"revolutionary ideas: utility, justice, equality, freedom"	"null what is the purpose of government? why should we have a state? what kind of state should we have? even within a political community, there may be sharp disagreements about the role and purpose of government. some want an active, involved government, seeing legal and political institutions as the means to solve our most pressing problems, and to help bring about peace, equality, justice, happiness, and to protect individual liberty. others want a more minimal government, motivated, perhaps, by some of the disastrous political experiments of the 20th century, and the thought that political power is often just a step away from tyranny. in many cases, these disagreements arise out of deep philosophical disagreements. all political and legal institutions are built on foundational ideas. in this course, we will explore those ideas, taking the political institutions and political systems around us not as fixed and unquestionable, but as things to evaluate and, if necessary, to change. we will consider the ideas and arguments of some of the worlds most celebrated philosophers, including historical thinkers such as plato, aristotle, thomas hobbes, john locke, immanuel kant, mary wollstonecraft, and john stuart mill; and more contemporary theorists such as elizabeth anderson, isaiah berlin, thomas christiano, frantz fanon, amy gutmann, friedrich hayek, robert nozick, martha nussbaum, julius nyerere, ayn rand, john rawls, peter singer, and kok-chor tan. the aim of the course is not to convince you of the correctness of any particular view or political position, but to provide you with a deeper and more philosophically-informed basis for your own views, and, perhaps, to help you better understand the views of those with whom you disagree. unit 1: introduction to part i of the course . unit 2: happiness and welfare . unit 3: justice . unit 4: equality . unit 5: freedom null null"
mooc	course		positive psychology	"null this course discusses research findings in the field of positive psychology, conducted by barbara fredrickson and her colleagues. it also features practical applications of this science that you can put to use immediately to help you live a full and meaningful life. positive emotions: the tiny engines of positive psychology . the mindscapes and outcomes of positivity . the delicate art of pursuing happiness . positivity resonance and loving-kindness . the fruits of positivity resonance . the ripples of positivity resonance null null"
mooc	course		practical machine learning	"null one of the most common tasks performed by data scientists and data analysts are prediction and machine learning. this course will cover the basic components of building and applying prediction functions with an emphasis on practical applications. the course will provide basic grounding in concepts such as training and tests sets, overfitting, and error rates. the course will also introduce a range of model based and algorithmic machine learning methods including regression, classification trees, naive bayes, and random forests. the course will cover the complete process of building prediction functions including data collection, feature creation, algorithms, and evaluation. week 1: prediction, errors, and cross validation . week 2: the caret package . week 3: predicting with trees, random forests, &amp; model based predictions . week 4: regularized regression and combining predictors null null"
mooc	course		practical predictive analytics: models and methods	"null statistical experiment design and analytics are at the heart of data science. in this course you will design statistical experiments and analyze the results using modern methods. you will also explore the common pitfalls in interpreting statistical arguments, especially those associated with big data. collectively, this course will help you internalize a core set of practical and effective machine learning methods and concepts, and apply them to solve some real world problems. learning goals: after completing this course, you will be able to: 1. design effective experiments and analyze the results 2. use resampling methods to make clear and bulletproof statistical arguments without invoking esoteric notation 3. explain and apply a core set of classification methods of increasing complexity (rules, trees, random forests), and associated optimization methods (gradient descent and variants) 4. explain and apply a set of unsupervised learning concepts and methods 5. describe the common idioms of large-scale graph analytics, including structural query, traversals and recursive queries, pagerank, and community detection practical statistical inference . supervised learning . optimization . unsupervised learning null null"
mooc	course		pricing strategy	"null pricing is one of the most important but least understood marketing decisions. learn and practice concepts, techniques, and get to grips with the latest thinking on assessing and formulating pricing strategies. analyze how firms attempt to capture value, as well as profits, in the revenues they earn. after this course, you will be able to contribute to the process of formulating pricing strategies for your own products and services, or those of your firm. this course has an additional focus on pricing dynamics and the reaction to and by competitors, taking a highly pragmatic approach and one that is directly applicable to your day-to-day professional life. this course is made up of the following four modules: 1 - in this module we will start with the importance of pricing, especially for the bottom line. having this in mind, and after showing how pricing is the most important driver of profitability, when you finish this module you will be able to execute cost, competition and customer-based pricing. you will also be able to use the concepts of price elasticity and optimal price while setting prices for your products and services. 2 - after finishing this module you will be able to take advantage of four different methods to determine the willingness to pay from customers. whether using market data or experiments (observation based) or expert or customer surveys (survey based), youll be able to use this information in order to identify the optimal price. 3 - what we see in the real world is that companies dont only charge one price for all their products, but rather set different prices for different products with respect to different customer segments. after looking at the benefits of price discrimination (and the significant revenue and profit potential behind it), you will be able to figure out what type and how to implement price discrimination for your products and services. 4 - in this final module we will look at pricing psychology. you will then be able to manipulate customers so they perceive a higher value in the products and services that you deliver, or so that they feel less pain by paying the price of purchasing your products. you will have in your toolkit multiple ways to maximize your sales, revenues, and profitability. we will also conduct a couple of experiments with volunteer customers to see how price affects perceptions, and how you can profit from it. demand curve and pricing . determining willingness to pay . playing the pricing piano or price discrimination . pricing psychology null null"
mooc	course		principles of computing (part 1)	"null this two-part course builds upon the programming skills that you learned in our introduction to interactive programming in python course. we will augment those skills with both important programming practices and critical mathematical problem solving skills. these skills underlie larger scale computational problem solving and programming. the main focus of the class will be programming weekly mini-projects in python that build upon the mathematical and programming principles that are taught in the class. to keep the class fun and engaging, many of the projects will involve working with strategy-based games. in part 1 of this course, the programming aspect of the class will focus on coding standards and testing. the mathematical portion of the class will focus on probability, combinatorics, and counting with an eye towards practical applications of these concepts in computer science. recommended background - students should be comfortable writing small (100+ line) programs in python using constructs such as lists, dictionaries and classes and also have a high-school math background that includes algebra and pre-calculus. required python knowledge, coding standards, and machine grading . testing, plotting, and grids . probability, randomness, and objects/references . combinatorics, generators, and debugging . counting, growth of functions, higher-order functions null null"
mooc	course		introduction to probability and data	"null this course introduces you to sampling and exploring data, as well as basic probability theory and bayes rule. you will examine various types of sampling methods, and discuss how such methods can impact the scope of inference. a variety of exploratory data analysis techniques will be covered, including numeric summary statistics and basic data visualization. the concepts in this course will serve as building blocks for the inference and modeling courses in the specialization. about introduction to probability and data . introduction to data . exploratory data analysis and introduction to inference . introduction to probability . probability distributions . data analysis project null null"
mooc	course		process mining: data science in action	"null process mining is the missing link between model-based process analysis and data-oriented analysis techniques. through concrete data sets and easy to use software the course provides data science knowledge that can be applied directly to analyze and improve processes in a variety of domains. data science is the profession of the future, because organizations that are unable to use (big) data in a smart way will not survive. it is not sufficient to focus on data storage and data analysis. the data scientist also needs to relate data to process analysis. process mining bridges the gap between traditional model-based process analysis (e.g., simulation and other business process management techniques) and data-centric analysis techniques such as machine learning and data mining. process mining seeks the confrontation between event data (i.e., observed behavior) and process models (hand-made or discovered automatically). this technology has become available only recently, but it can be applied to any type of operational processes (organizations and systems). example applications include: analyzing treatment processes in hospitals, improving customer service processes in a multinational, understanding the browsing behavior of customers using booking site, analyzing failures of a baggage handling system, and improving the user interface of an x-ray machine. all of these applications have in common that dynamic behavior needs to be related to process models. hence, we refer to this as data science in action. the course explains the key analysis techniques in process mining. participants will learn various process discovery algorithms. these can be used to automatically learn process models from raw event data. various other process analysis techniques that use event data will be presented. moreover, the course will provide easy-to-use software, real-life data sets, and practical skills to directly apply the theory in a variety of application domains. this course starts with an overview of approaches and technologies that use event data to support decision making and business process (re)design. then the course focuses on process mining as a bridge between data mining and business process modeling. the course is at an introductory level with various practical assignments. the course covers the three main types of process mining. the first type of process mining is discovery. a discovery technique takes an event log and produces a process model without using any a-priori information. an example is the alpha-algorithm that takes an event log and produces a process model (a petri net) explaining the behavior recorded in the log. the second type of process mining is conformance. here, an existing process model is compared with an event log of the same process. conformance checking can be used to check if reality, as recorded in the log, conforms to the model and vice versa. the third type of process mining is enhancement. here, the idea is to extend or improve an existing process model using information about the actual process recorded in some event log. whereas conformance checking measures the alignment between model and reality, this third type of process mining aims at changing or extending the a-priori model. an example is the extension of a process model with performance information, e.g., showing bottlenecks. process mining techniques can be used in an offline, but also online setting. the latter is known as operational support. an example is the detection of non-conformance at the moment the deviation actually takes place. another example is time prediction for running cases, i.e., given a partially executed case the remaining processing time is estimated based on historic information of similar cases. process mining provides not only a bridge between data mining and business process management; it also helps to address the classical divide between business and it. evidence-based business process management based on process mining helps to create a common ground for business process improvement and information systems development. the course uses many examples using real-life event logs to illustrate the concepts and algorithms. after taking this course, one is able to run process mining projects and have a good understanding of the business process intelligence field. introduction and data mining . process models and process discovery . different types of process models . process discovery techniques and conformance checking . enrichment of process models . operational support and conclusion null null"
mooc	course		functional programming principles in scala	"null functional programming is becoming increasingly widespread in industry. this trend is driven by the adoption of scala as the main programming language for many applications. scala fuses functional and object-oriented programming in a practical package. it interoperates seamlessly with both java and javascript. scala is the implementation language of many important frameworks, including apache spark, kafka, and akka. it provides the core infrastructure for sites such as twitter, tumblr and also coursera. in this course you will discover the elements of the functional programming style and learn how to apply them usefully in your daily programming tasks. you will also develop a solid foundation for reasoning about functional programs, by touching upon proofs of invariants and the tracing of execution symbolically. the course is hands on; most units introduce short programs that serve as illustrations of important concepts and invite you to play with them, modifying and improving them. the course is complemented by a series programming projects as homework assignments. learning outcomes. by the end of this course you will be able to: - understand the principles of functional programming, - write purely functional programs, using recursion, pattern matching, and higher-order functions, - combine functional programming with objects and classes, - design immutable data structures, - reason about properties of functions, - understand generic types for functional programs recommended background: you should have at least one year programming experience. proficiency with java or c# is ideal, but experience with other languages such as c/c++, python, javascript or ruby is also sufficient. you should have some familiarity using the command line. getting started + functions &amp; evaluation . higher order functions . data and abstraction . types and pattern matching . lists . collections null null"
mooc	course		functional program design in scala	"null in this course you will learn how to apply the functional programming style in the design of larger applications. youll get to know important new functional programming concepts, from lazy evaluation to structuring your libraries using monads. well work on larger and more involved examples, from state space exploration to random testing to discrete circuit simulators. youll also learn some best practices on how to write good scala code in the real world. several parts of this course deal with the question how functional programming interacts with mutable state. we will explore the consequences of combining functions and state. we will also look at purely functional alternatives to mutable state, using infinite data structures or functional reactive programming. learning outcomes. by the end of this course you will be able to: - recognize and apply design principles of functional programs, - design functional libraries and their apis, - competently combine functions and state in one program, - understand reasoning techniques for programs that combine functions and state, - write simple functional reactive applications. recommended background: you should have at least one year programming experience. proficiency with java or c# is ideal, but experience with other languages such as c/c++, python, javascript or ruby is also sufficient. you should have some familiarity using the command line. this course is intended to be taken after functional programming principles in scala: https://www.coursera.org/learn/progfun1. for expressions and monads . lazy evaluation . functions and state . timely effects null null"
mooc	course		python data structures	"null this course will introduce the core data structures of the python programming language. we will move past the basics of procedural programming and explore how we can use the python built-in data structures such as lists, dictionaries, and tuples to perform increasingly complex data analysis. this course will cover chapters 6-10 of the textbook python for informatics. this course is equivalent to the second half of the 11-week programming for everybody (python) course. chapter six: strings . unit: installing and using python . chapter seven: files . chapter eight: lists . chapter nine: dictionaries . chapter ten: tuples . graduation null null"
mooc	course		using databases with python	"null this course will introduce students to the basics of the structured query language (sql) as well as basic database design for storing data as part of a multi-step data gathering, analysis, and processing effort. the course will use sqlite3 as its database. we will also build web crawlers and multi-step data gathering and visualization processes. we will use the d3.js library to do basic data visualization. this course will cover chapters 14-15 of the book python for informatics. to succeed in this course, you should be familiar with the material covered in chapters 1-13 of the textbook and the first three courses in this specialization. object oriented python . basic structured query language . data models and relational sql . many-to-many relationships in sql . databases and visualization null null"
mooc	course		python for genomic data science	null this class provides an introduction to the python programming language and the ipython notebook. this is the third course in the genomic big data science specialization from johns hopkins university. week one . week two . week three . week four null null
mooc	course		using python to access web data	"null this course will show how one can treat the internet as a source of data. we will scrape, parse, and read web data as well as access data using web apis. we will work with html, xml, and json data formats in python. this course will cover chapters 11-13 of the textbook python for informatics. to succeed in this course, you should be familiar with the material covered in chapters 1-10 of the textbook and the first two courses in this specialization. these topics include variables and expressions, conditional execution (loops, branching, and try/except), functions, python data structures (strings, lists, dictionaries, and tuples), and manipulating files. getting started . regular expressions (chapter 11) . networks and sockets (chapter 12) . programs that surf the web (chapter 12) . web services and xml (chapter 13) . json and the rest architecture (chapter 13) null null"
mooc	course		leading healthcare quality and safety	"null ensuring patient safety and healthcare quality is critical and should be a key focus of everyone in healthcare practice. this course provides healthcare practitioners and others with an introduction to the knowledge and skills needed to lead patient safety and quality improvement initiatives at the micro and macro levels. participants will explore the foundations of health care quality and the science underlying patient safety and quality improvement, design and select effective health care measures, analyze patient safety problems and processes using tools such as human factors analysis, apply systematic approaches including the plan-do-study-act (pdsa) model to address quality improvement challenges, and learn strategies to lead a culture of change. the course takes a world view of patient safety and quality, linking participants to research and resources from the world health organization (who), the us agency for healthcare research and quality (ahrq), the joint commission and other international organizations. course highlights include personal stories, lessons learned from other industries and interviews with the president of the national committee for quality assurance (ncqa) and other leaders in quality movement. this continuing nursing education activity has been submitted for approval to the maryland nurses association, an accredited approver by the american nurses credentialing centers commission on accreditation. healthcare professionals interested in earning the nursing ce contact hours must: 1) enroll in the course and purchase the $49 coursera certificate option 2) register for the nursing ce contact hours through the george washington university school of nursing via the link below. there is an additional non-refundable fee of $60. 3) successfully complete the course. this requires completion of all modules, reading of all required materials, and a passing score of 80% or higher on all quizzes. register for nursing ce: go.gwu.edu/qualitysafety about the george washington university school of nursing ranked among the top nursing schools by u.s. news &amp; world report, the george washington university school of nursing educates and inspires nurses to provide high-quality, compassionate person-centered health care. the school develops leaders actively engaged in health promotion, patient advocacy and healthcare innovation, and prepares exceptional nurse educators who pursue quality and advance the profession. the school of nursing is committed to improving the health and wellbeing of people and communities locally, nationally and globally. the school values lifelong learning and its students advance nursing practice, leadership and education as they make a difference in the world. establishing a framework for quality &amp; safety . safety as a first principle of quality . measures &amp; measurement . quality and safety improvement science . leadership for quality &amp; safety null null"
mooc	course		quantitative formal modeling and worst-case performance analysis	"null welcome to quantitative formal modeling and worst-case performance analysis. in this course, you will learn about modeling and solving performance problems in a fashion popular in theoretical computer science, and generally train your abstract thinking skills. after finishing this course, you have learned to think about the behavior of systems in terms of token production and consumption, and you are able to formalize this thinking mathematically in terms of prefix orders and counting functions. you have learned about petri-nets, about timing, and about scheduling of token consumption/production systems, and for the special class of petri-nets known as single-rate dataflow graphs, you will know how to perform a worst-case analysis of basic performance metrics, like throughput, latency and buffering. disclaimer: as you will notice, there is an abundance of small examples in this course, but at first sight there are not many industrial size systems being discussed. the reason for this is two-fold. firstly, it is not my intention to teach you performance analysis skills up to the level of what you will need in industry. rather, i would like to teach you to think about modeling and performance analysis in general and abstract terms, because that is what you will need to do whenever you encounter any performance analysis problem in the future. after all, abstract thinking is the most revered skill required for any academic-level job in any engineering discipline, and if you are able to phrase your problems mathematically, it will become easier for you to spot mistakes, to communicate your ideas with others, and you have already made a big step towards actually solving the problem. secondly, although dataflow techniques are applicable and being used in industry, the subclass of single-rate dataflow is too restrictive to be of practical use in large modeling examples. the analysis principles of other dataflow techniques, however, are all based on single-rate dataflow. so this course is a good primer for any more advanced course on the topic. this course is part of the university course on quantitative evaluation of embedded systems (qees) as given in the embedded systems master curriculum of the eit-digital university, and of the dutch 3tu consortium consisting of tu/e (eindhoven), tud (delft) and ut (twente). the course material is exactly the same as the first three weeks of qees, but the examination of qees is at a slightly higher level of difficulty, which cannot (yet) be obtained in an online course. introduction . modeling systems as token consumption/production systems . syntax and semantics . performance analysis . one final example null null"
mooc	course		quantitative methods	"null discover the principles of solid scientific methods in the behavioral and social sciences. join us and learn to separate sloppy science from solid research! this course will cover the fundamental principles of science, some history and philosophy of science, research designs, measurement, sampling and ethics. the course is comparable to a university level introductory course on quantitative research methods in the social sciences, but has a strong focus on research integrity. we will use examples from sociology, political sciences, educational sciences, communication sciences and psychology. before we get started... . origins of the scientific method . the scientific method . research designs . measurement . sampling . practice, ethics &amp; integrity . catch up . exam time! null null"
mooc	course		questionnaire design for social surveys	"null this course will cover the basic elements of designing and evaluating questionnaires. we will review the process of responding to questions, challenges and options for asking questions about behavioral frequencies, practical techniques for evaluating questions, mode specific questionnaire characteristics, and review methods of standardized and conversational interviewing. introduction and unit 1: overview of standardized interviewing . unit 2: response process . unit 3: asking factual questions . unit 4: measuring attitudes . unit 5: testing questionnaires . unit 6: putting it all together null null"
mooc	course		r programming	"null in this course you will learn how to program in r and how to use r for effective data analysis. you will learn how to install and configure software necessary for a statistical programming environment and describe generic programming language concepts as they are implemented in a high-level statistical language. the course covers practical issues in statistical computing which includes programming in r, reading data into r, accessing r packages, writing r functions, debugging, profiling r code, and organizing and commenting r code. topics in statistical data analysis will provide working examples. week 1: background, getting started, and nuts &amp; bolts . week 2: programming with r . week 3: loop functions and debugging . week 4: simulation &amp; profiling null null"
mooc	course		rails with active record and action pack	"null you already know how to build a basic web application with the ruby on rails framework. perhaps, you have even taken course 1, ruby on rails: an introduction (we highly recommend it) where you relied on external web services to be your data layer. but in the back of your mind, you always knew that there would come a time when you would need to roll up your sleeves and learn sql to be able to interact with your own relational database (rdbms). but there is an easier way to get started with sql using the active record object/relational (orm) framework. in this course, we will be able to use the ruby language and the active record orm framework to automate interactions with the database to quickly build the application we want. in rails with active record and action pack, we will explore how to interact with relational databases by using active record, a ruby gem, which rails uses by default for database access. we will then take a look at what role active record plays in the overall request-response cycle, when a client (the browser) requests data from the server, as well as how to submit the data to the server. of course, when accessing data, security is of paramount importance! we will talk about vulnerabilities such as sql injection, as well as how to secure access to data by authenticating and authorizing users accessing the data. take this course to build a ruby on rails application with active record to automate the detailed sql interactions with our database. introduction to active record . deep dive into active record . introduction to action pack . security and nested resources in action pack null null"
mooc	course		data science in real life	"null have you ever had the perfect data science experience? the data pull went perfectly. there were no merging errors or missing data. hypotheses were clearly defined prior to analyses. randomization was performed for the treatment of interest. the analytic plan was outlined prior to analysis and followed exactly. the conclusions were clear and actionable decisions were obvious. has that every happened to you? of course not. data analysis in real life is messy. how does one manage a team facing real data analyses? in this one-week course, we contrast the ideal with what happens in real life. by contrasting the ideal, you will learn key concepts that will help you manage real life analyses. this is a focused course designed to rapidly get you up to speed on doing data science in real life. our goal was to make this as convenient as possible for you without sacrificing any essential content. weve left the technical information aside so that you can focus on managing your team and moving it forward. after completing this course you will know how to: 1, describe the perfect data science experience 2. identify strengths and weaknesses in experimental designs 3. describe possible pitfalls when pulling / assembling data and learn solutions for managing data pulls. 4. challenge statistical modeling assumptions and drive feedback to data analysts 5. describe common pitfalls in communicating data analyses 6. get a glimpse into a day in the life of a data analysis manager. the course will be taught at a conceptual level for active managers of data scientists and statisticians. some key concepts being discussed include: 1. experimental design, randomization, a/b testing 2. causal inference, counterfactuals, 3. strategies for managing data quality. 4. bias and confounding 5. contrasting machine learning versus classical statistical inference course promo: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v 9biymw5wnbi course cover image by jonathan gross. creative commons by-nd https://flic.kr/p/q1vudb introduction, the perfect data science experience null null"
mooc	course		regression models	"null linear models, as their name implies, relates an outcome to a set of predictors of interest using linear assumptions. regression models, a subset of linear models, are the most important statistical analysis tool in a data scientists toolkit. this course covers regression analysis, least squares and inference using regression models. special cases of the regression model, anova and ancova will be covered as well. analysis of residuals and variability will be investigated. the course will cover modern thinking on model selection and novel uses of regression models including scatterplot smoothing. week 1: least squares and linear regression . week 2: linear regression &amp; multivariable regression . week 3: multivariable regression, residuals, &amp; diagnostics . week 4: logistic regression and poisson regression null null"
mooc	course		reproducible research	"null this course focuses on the concepts and tools behind reporting modern data analyses in a reproducible manner. reproducible research is the idea that data analyses, and more generally, scientific claims, are published with their data and software code so that others may verify the findings and build upon them. the need for reproducibility is increasing dramatically as data analyses become more complex, involving larger datasets and more sophisticated computations. reproducibility allows for people to focus on the actual content of a data analysis, rather than on superficial details reported in a written summary. in addition, reproducibility makes an analysis more useful to others because the data and code that actually conducted the analysis are available. this course will focus on literate statistical analysis tools which allow one to publish data analyses in a single document that allows others to easily execute the same analysis to obtain the same results. week 1: concepts, ideas, &amp; structure . week 2: markdown &amp; knitr . week 3: reproducible research checklist &amp; evidence-based data analysis . week 4: case studies &amp; commentaries null null"
mooc	course		responsive website development and design capstone	"null for your responsive website development and design specialization capstone project, you will create a complete, responsive, multi-user, data-driven website which aims to solve a particular problem. we encourage you to create a website addressing a problem that you are interested in! however, if you dont have an idea of your own, we have several that we will suggest in the course. in the capstone project, you will: 1. develop a complete website using the full range of skills learned during the specialisation 2. work through a structured process from idea generation to product delivery 3. document and receive feedback on the development of your project from an idea to a fully functional piece of software in a series of structured assignments including peer interactions participation in or completion of this online course will not confer academic credit for university of london programmes  null null"
mooc	course		responsive web design	"null in this course you will learn how to apply concepts from interaction design and human computer interaction in order to design and build an interactive, professional looking website. you will learn how to make your web page designs adapt to different screen sizes using responsive grid layouts. you will learn how to add navigation and other design elements, and you will learn how to separate data and display using javascript objects and templates. at the end of the course, you will be able to: 1. explain why users need to know where they are, where they can go and what is on a web page 2. create wireframe mockups of web pages 3. identify the key functional elements of web pages 4. use bootstrap components to realise page designs 5. use javascript data structures such as arrays and objects to define the data used in a web page 6. use the handlebars template library to convert data to html 7. add interactivity to templates using javascript event listeners in this course, you will complete: 1 website design assignment taking ~1 hour to complete 1 programming assignment taking ~1 hour to complete 4 quizzes, each taking ~20 minutes to complete multiple practice quizzes, each taking ~5 minutes to complete participation in or completion of this online course will not confer academic credit for university of london programmes responsive web design: course overview . web design principles . realising design principles in code . adding content to websites . building a full gallery app null null"
mooc	course		responsive website tutorial and examples	"null in this course, we will show you exciting examples of collaborative, interactive web applications that use various types of media including sound, images and big data. we will show you how to build sites that provide precisely this functionality, using meteor. we will also provide fully working example application code that you can use for your own commercial web projects. the course also provides a range of advice and suggestions about how to develop bespoke web applications which match the requirements of clients, where clients are people who commission the product or people who use the product. we will take you through the development of the following applications: 1. a portfolio website with collaborative blogging functionality. 2. an interactive, realtime, multi user music remixing system. 3. an interactive, online graffiti wall where users can collaborate to create graphics. 4. an interactive data visualisation platform for exploring and plotting big data in exciting ways. at the end of this course, you will be able to:  implement animated data visualisations and graphics using advanced user interface libraries such as vis.js  work with external data sources  create multi user, realtime, collaborative environments  use media apis such as the web audio api participation in or completion of this online course will not confer academic credit for university of london programmes responsive website tutorials and examples outline: course overview . creating a portfolio website with a blog . collaborative apps 1 : music machine . collaborative apps 2 : drawing machine . creating a data visualisation application null null"
mooc	course		ruby on rails: an introduction	"null did you ever want to build a web application? perhaps you even started down that path in a language like java or c#, when you realized that there was so much climbing the mountain that you had to do? maybe you have heard about web services being all the rage, but thought they were too complicated to integrate into your web application. or maybe you wondered how deploying web applications to the cloud works, but there was too much to set up just to get going. in this course, we will explore how to build web applications with the ruby on rails web application framework, which is geared towards rapid prototyping. yes, that means building quickly! at the conclusion of this course, you will be able to build a meaningful web application and deploy it to the cloud using a heroku paas (platform as a service). best of all, it will almost feel effortless really! but wait, you will say, there is no way that we can build a useful application if there is no database involved. you need the data for an application to be useful. great point! but what if instead of getting the data from the database, we get it from the internet by tapping into one of the web services out there that readily provides data needed by our application? ok, but thats probably very complicated, you will say. take this course and you will be pleasantly surprised at just how easy it is! welcome and setting up the development environment . introduction to ruby . introduction to ruby on rails null null"
mooc	course		ruby on rails web services and integration with mongodb	"null in this course, we will explore mongodb, a very popular nosql database and web services concepts and integrate them both with ruby on rails. mongodb is a used to handle documents with a pre-defined schema which will give the developers an ability to store, process and use data using its rich api. the modules will go in-depth from installation to crud operations, aggregation, indexing, gridfs and various other topics where we continuously integrate mongodb with railsruby. we will be covering the interface to mongodb using the mongo ruby api and the mongoid orm framework (the mongodb access counterpart to rdbms/activerecord within rails). the last portion of the course will focus on web services with emphasis on rest, its architectural style and integration of web services with rails. core concepts of web services like request/response, filters, data representation (xml/json), web linking and best practices will covered in depth. this course is ideal for students and professionals who have some programming experience and a working knowledge of databases. introduction to mongodb, mongodb-ruby api, and crud . aggregation framework, performance, and advanced mongodb . mongoid . web services null null"
mooc	course		"sampling people, networks and records"	"null good data collection is built on good samples. but the samples can be chosen in many ways. samples can be haphazard or convenient selections of persons, or records, or networks, or other units, but one questions the quality of such samples, especially what these selection methods mean for drawing good conclusions about a population after data collection and analysis is done. samples can be more carefully selected based on a researchers judgment, but one then questions whether that judgment can be biased by personal factors. samples can also be draw in statistically rigorous and careful ways, using random selection and control methods to provide sound representation and cost control. it is these last kinds of samples that will be discussed in this course. we will examine simple random sampling that can be used for sampling persons or records, cluster sampling that can be used to sample groups of persons or records or networks, stratification which can be applied to simple random and cluster samples, systematic selection, and stratified multistage samples. the course concludes with a brief overview of how to estimate and summarize the uncertainty of randomized sampling.  null null"
mooc	course		functional programming in scala capstone	null in the final capstone project you will apply the skills you learned by building a large data-intensive application using real-world data.  null null
mooc	course		scholarly communication	"null scholarly communication is a concise but comprehensive course on how to write research papers in english. the course will help the candidates gain a better understanding of the rhetorical conventions of english and the common challenges the candidates may face as an academic writer. the course provides instruction, exercises, structure, and deadlines needed to create a publishable paper. the aim of the course is to improve competence in scholarly communications by deepening knowledge of the core features of the scientific writing style. it presents and analyzes the unwritten rules of scientific writing, the ones candidates most likely never learned in academic writing. the course will enable the candidates to write clear, detailed and well-structured scientific texts appropriate to a suitable academic journal. in particular, they will develop an awareness of fundamental concepts of academic writing, such as contrastive rhetoric, logical organization, and argumentation. in addition, they will develop skills for self-editing and revision techniques, including editing for precision and clarity. they will also gain a deeper understanding of how to prepare a scientific paper using the imrad format. finally, the candidates will develop an enhanced understanding of the concept of academic integrity and the ethics of scientific writing. the candidates will be able to overcome anxiety about academic publishing and get their research papers published in international journals. science writing . the challenge . the manuscript . scientific communication null null"
mooc	course		buddhism and modern psychology	"null the dalai lama has said that buddhism and science are deeply compatible and has encouraged western scholars to critically examine both the meditative practice and buddhist ideas about the human mind. a number of scientists and philosophers have taken up this challenge. there have been brain scans of meditators and philosophical examinations of buddhist doctrines. there have even been discussions of darwin and the buddha: do early buddhist descriptions of the mind, and of the human condition, make particular sense in light of evolutionary psychology? this course will examine how buddhism is faring under this scrutiny. are neuroscientists starting to understand how meditation works? would such an understanding validate meditationor might physical explanations of meditation undermine the spiritual significance attributed to it? and how are some of the basic buddhist claims about the human mind holding up? well pay special attention to some highly counterintuitive doctrines: that the self doesnt exist, and that much of perceived reality is in some sense illusory. do these claims, radical as they sound, make a certain kind of sense in light of modern psychology? and what are the implications of all this for how we should live our lives? can meditation make us not just happier, but better people? the buddhist diagnosis . the buddhist prescription . does your self exist? . a new model of the mind . mental modules and meditation . what is enlightenment? null null"
mooc	course		networking and security in ios applications	"null you will learn to extend your knowledge of making ios apps so that they can securely interact with web services and receive push notifications. youll learn how to store data securely on a device using core data. youll also learn to securely deploy apps to the app store and beta users over-the-air. the format of the course is through a series of code tutorials. we will walk you through the creation of several apps that you can keep as a personal app toolbox. when you make your own apps after this course, you can bring in these capabilities as needed. when necessary we pop out of the code tutorials to talk about concepts at a higher level so that what you are programming makes sense. welcome! . using secure web apis: an instagram case study . dont be so pushy! . storing data null null"
mooc	course		strategic self-marketing and personal branding	"null in this course, you will learn how to use strategic marketing and personal branding techniques for designing, enhancing, and promoting your professional image. acting as your own chief executive officer (p. drucker), you will learn how to use relationship and network marketing and impression management to showcase your skills to prospective employers, colleagues, supervisors, and other interested parties. this course will help you to: - recognize the importance of marketing orientation and career brand building for your career development; use marketing communication strategies for your self-marketing; - implement strategic marketing planning for your career development and engage in creating your own strategic self-marketing plan; - devise strategies for managing your professional reputation; begin creating your personal brand, and plan steps for strategic personal branding; - create personal branding statements, and integrate social networking into your career branding; - refine your self-management information system to systematically collect and analyze self-marketing and personal branding related data, select appropriate tools and apply them for a thorough, accurate, evidence-based and data driven self-assessment of your self-marketing and personal branding skills; - develop and implement an effective instrument for displaying your artifacts and monitoring your marketing communications strategies (the showcaser) and a realistic performance metric for evaluating your career brand building activities (the career brand equity builder). marketing and branding the skilled self . self-marketing strategies and tactics . personal branding strategies and tactics . course review null null"
mooc	course		server-side development with nodejs	"null this course deals with all things server-side. we base the entire course around the nodejs platform. we start with a brief overview of the web protocols: http and https. we examine nodejs and nodejs modules: express for building web servers. on the database side, we review basic crud operations, nosql databases, in particular mongodb and mongoose for accessing mongodb from nodejs. we examine the rest concepts and building a restful api. we touch upon authentication and security. finally we review backend as a service (baas) approaches, including mobile baas, both open-source and commercial baas services. at the end of this course, you will be able to: - demonstrate an understanding of server-side concepts, crud and rest - build and configure a backend server using nodejs framework - build a restful api for the front-end to access backend services introduction to server-side development . data, data, where art thou data? . halt! who goes there? . backend as a service (baas) null null"
mooc	course		single page web applications with angularjs	"null do you want to write powerful, maintainable, and testable front end applications faster and with less code? then consider joining this course to gain skills in one of the most popular single page application (spa) frameworks today, angularjs. developed and backed by google, angularjs is a very marketable skill to acquire. in this course, we will explore the core design of angularjs, its components and code organization techniques. we will enhance the functionality of our web app by utilizing dependency injection to reuse existing services as well as write our own. we will create reusable html components that take advantage of angularjs data binding as well as extend html syntax with a very powerful feature of angularjs called directives. well set up routing so our spa can have multiple views. we will also learn how to unit test our functionality. at the end of this course, you will build a fully functional, well organized and tested web application using angularjs and deploy it to the cloud.  null null"
mooc	course		calculus: single variable part 1 - functions	"null calculus is one of the grandest achievements of human thought, explaining everything from planetary orbits to the optimal size of a city to the periodicity of a heartbeat. this brisk course covers the core ideas of single-variable calculus with emphases on conceptual understanding and applications. the course is ideal for students beginning in the engineering, physical, and social sciences. distinguishing features of the course include: 1) the introduction and use of taylor series and approximations from the beginning; 2) a novel synthesis of discrete and continuous forms of calculus; 3) an emphasis on the conceptual over the computational; and 4) a clear, dynamic, unified approach. in this first part--part one of five--you will extend your understanding of taylor series, review limits, learn the *why* behind lhopitals rule, and, most importantly, learn a new language for describing growth and decay of functions: the big o. introduction . a review of functions . taylor series . limits and asymptotics null null"
mooc	course		smartphone emerging technologies	"null smartphones are one of the most influential devices that we use in our everyday lives. smartphones consist of the most advanced hardware and software technologies that exist in the world, all combined together into a miraculous single easy-to-use portable system. these lectures focus on the specifications, hardware modules, and os (operating system) ios &amp; android that enable smartphones to perform various features and functionalities. since there are so many smartphone types, in the lectures, three smartphones were selected and compared. the lecture covers the specifications of the samsung galaxy s6 edge, lg g4, and the iphone 6 plus, which are among the most popular recently released smartphones in the world! with this new knowledge on cellular networks, wi-fi, bluetooth, platform, os (operating system), chipsets, cpu (central processing unit), gpu (graphics processing unit), display, location &amp; navigation system, and new wireless charging systems, you will be able to analyze, design, and plan new smartphones for the future. specialization introduction . smartphone specifications . ios . android . android vs. ios null null"
mooc	course		social and economic networks: models and analysis	"null learn how to model social and economic networks and their impact on human behavior. how do networks form, why do they exhibit certain patterns, and how does their structure impact diffusion, learning, and other behaviors? we will bring together models and techniques from economics, sociology, math, physics, statistics and computer science to answer these questions. the course begins with some empirical background on social and economic networks, and an overview of concepts used to describe and measure networks. next, we will cover a set of models of how networks form, including random network models as well as strategic formation models, and some hybrids. we will then discuss a series of models of how networks impact behavior, including contagion, diffusion, learning, and peer influences. you can find a more detailed syllabus here: http://web.stanford.edu/~jacksonm/networks-online-syllabus.pdf you can find a short introductory videao here: http://web.stanford.edu/~jacksonm/intro_networks.mp4 introduction, empirical background and definitions . background, definitions, and measures continued . random networks . strategic network formation . diffusion on networks . learning on networks . games on networks . final exam null null"
mooc	course		social science final research project	"null the capstone consists of a research project that you will perform in collaboration with fellow students. you will formulate a research hypothesis and design and collect data or work with a secondary data set provided by one of our external partners (tba). you will document and analyze the data and write a research report. depending on the topic you choose, the project may involve developing your own questionnaire and collecting your own data or contributing to a research project running at the university of amsterdam or one of our external partners.  null null"
mooc	course		soul beliefs: causes and consequences - unit 1: historical foundations	"null throughout history, the vast majority of people around the globe have believed they have, however defined, a soul. while the question of whether the soul exists cannot be answered by science, what we can study are the causes and consequences of various beliefs about the soul and its prospects of surviving the death of the body. why are soul and afterlife beliefs so common in human history? are there adaptive advantages to assuming souls exist? are there brain structures that have been shaped by environmental pressures that provide the foundation of body/mind dualism that is such a prominent feature of many religions? how do these beliefs shape the worldviews of different cultures and our collective lives? what is the role of competing afterlife beliefs in religion, science, politics, and war? this course explores several facets of this relatively unexplored but profoundly important aspect of human thought and behavior. the course consists mainly of 70 to 80 minute lectures, typically broken up into 3 segments, recorded from a course offered by rutgers university school of arts and sciences. these videos include slides and some embedded video clips. most lectures are accompanied by slides used during the lecture, also including recommended reading assignment which may provide additional opportunities to reflect on your studies. due to the lengthiness of this class and natural progression, the online course has been separated into 3 units, this is unit 1. introduction to the course . what i was told to believe . historical foundations of soul beliefs #1 . historical foundations of soul beliefs #2 . historical foundations of soul beliefs #3 . functions of religion in ancient &amp; modern times . reactions to scientific evidence . religions under attack . big ideas &amp; big controversies . darwins dangerous idea . the mind-body problem null null"
mooc	course		soul beliefs: causes and consequences - unit 2: belief systems	"null throughout history, the vast majority of people around the globe have believed they have, however defined, a soul. while the question of whether the soul exists cannot be answered by science, what we can study are the causes and consequences of various beliefs about the soul and its prospects of surviving the death of the body. why are soul and afterlife beliefs so common in human history? are there adaptive advantages to assuming souls exist? are there brain structures that have been shaped by environmental pressures that provide the foundation of body/mind dualism that is such a prominent feature of many religions? how do these beliefs shape the worldviews of different cultures and our collective lives? what is the role of competing afterlife beliefs in religion, science, politics, and war? this course explores several facets of this relatively unexplored but profoundly important aspect of human thought and behavior. the course consists mainly of 70 to 80 minute lectures, typically broken up into 3 segments, recorded from a course offered by rutgers university school of arts and sciences. these videos include slides and some embedded video clips. most lectures are accompanied by slides used during the lecture, also including recommended reading assignment which may provide additional opportunities to reflect on your studies. due to the lengthiness of this class and natural progression, the online course has been separated into 3 units, this is unit 2. introduction to unit 2 . thinking and feeling . terror management . internalized beliefs i . internalized beliefs ii: the evolution of senses of self in childhood . after-life, out of body, and disembodied: whats the evidence i . after-life, out of body, and disembodied: whats the evidence? ii . biological perspectives on beliefs . the brain and our emotional future . the biology of thou shalt not . the undesired self . general course pages null null"
mooc	course		soul beliefs: causes and consequences - unit 3: how does it all end?	"null throughout history, the vast majority of people around the globe have believed they have, however defined, a soul. while the question of whether the soul exists cannot be answered by science, what we can study are the causes and consequences of various beliefs about the soul and its prospects of surviving the death of the body. why are soul and afterlife beliefs so common in human history? are there adaptive advantages to assuming souls exist? are there brain structures that have been shaped by environmental pressures that provide the foundation of body/mind dualism that is such a prominent feature of many religions? how do these beliefs shape the worldviews of different cultures and our collective lives? what is the role of competing afterlife beliefs in religion, science, politics, and war? this course explores several facets of this relatively unexplored but profoundly important aspect of human thought and behavior. the course consists mainly of 70 to 80 minute lectures, typically broken up into 3 segments, recorded from a course offered by rutgers university school of arts and sciences. these videos include slides and some embedded video clips. most lectures are accompanied by slides used during the lecture, also including recommended reading assignment which may provide additional opportunities to reflect on your studies. due to the lengthiness of this class and natural progression, the online course has been separated into 3 units, this is unit 3. introduction to unit 3 . evolutionary psychology . the evolution of the human brain . the human spark . the scopes trial: human origins and the public classroom . the dover board of education: intelligent design and the public classroom . where do we go from here? . general course pages null null"
mooc	course		geospatial and environmental analysis	"null apply your gis knowledge in this course on geospatial analysis, focusing on analysis tools, 3d data, working with rasters, projections, and environment variables. through all four weeks of this course, well work through a project together - something unique to this course - from project conception, through data retrieval, initial data management and processing, and finally to our analysis products. in this class you will learn the fundamentals of geospatial and environmental analysis during four week-long modules: week 1: tour arctoolbox and learn how to use common geospatial analysis tools built into arcgis week 2: gain a working understanding of raster data models: symbolize, reproject, overlay, and assess rasters. take a detour into 3d data models, and interpolation of observations into 3d surfaces and rasters week 3: go in-depth on projections and coordinate systems, which are foundational to all gis. learn how to use environment variables to constrain your analyses and get better quality data products. week 4: expand your knowledge of symbology. learn how to visually display your data by classifying it in logical groupings and then symbolizing it on your map. take geospatial and environmental analysis as a standalone course or as part of the geographic information systems (gis) specialization. by completing this third class in the specialization you will gain the skills needed to succeed in the full program. course overview &amp; geospatial analysis . rasters and surfaces . classifying and viewing data . working through a project null null"
mooc	course		statistics for genomic data science	null an introduction to the statistics behind the most popular genomic data science projects. this is the sixth course in the genomic big data science specialization from johns hopkins university. module 1 . module 2 . module 3 . module 4 null null
mooc	course		statistical inference	"null statistical inference is the process of drawing conclusions about populations or scientific truths from data. there are many modes of performing inference including statistical modeling, data oriented strategies and explicit use of designs and randomization in analyses. furthermore, there are broad theories (frequentists, bayesian, likelihood, design based, ) and numerous complexities (missing data, observed and unobserved confounding, biases) for performing inference. a practitioner can often be left in a debilitating maze of techniques, philosophies and nuance. this course presents the fundamentals of inference in a practical approach for getting things done. after taking this course, students will understand the broad directions of statistical inference and use this information for making informed choices in analyzing data. week 1: probability &amp; expected values . week 2: variability, distribution, &amp; asymptotics . week: intervals, testing, &amp; pvalues . week 4: power, bootstrapping, &amp; permutation tests null null"
mooc	course		statistical mechanics: algorithms and computations	"null in this course you will learn a whole lot of modern physics (classical and quantum) from basic computer programs that you will download, generalize, or write from scratch, discuss, and then hand in. join in if you are curious (but not necessarily knowledgeable) about algorithms, and about the deep insights into science that you can obtain by the algorithmic approach. monte carlo algorithms (direct sampling, markov-chain sampling) . hard disks: from classical mechanics to statistical mechanics . entropic interactions and phase transitions . sampling and integration . density matrices and path integrals (quantum statistical mechanics 1/3) . lvy quantum paths (quantum statistical mechanics 2/3) . bose-einstein condensation (quantum statistical mechanics 3/3) . ising model - enumerations and monte carlo algorithms . dynamic monte carlo, simulated annealing . the alpha and the omega of monte carlo, review, party null null"
mooc	course		statistics capstone project	"null the capstone project will be an analysis using r that answers a specific scientific/business question provided by the course team. a large and complex dataset will be provided to learners and the analysis will require the application of a variety of methods and techniques introduced in the previous courses, including exploratory data analysis through data visualization and numerical summaries, statistical inference, and modeling as well as interpretations of these results in the context of the data and the research question. the analysis will implement both frequentist and bayesian techniques and discuss in context of the data how these two approaches are similar and different, and what these differences mean for conclusions that can be drawn from the data. a sampling of the best final projects will be featured on the duke statistical science department website. note: only learners who have passed the four previous courses in the specialization are eligible to take the capstone.  null null"
mooc	course		capstone: create value from open data	"null the capstone project is an individual assignment. participants decide the theme they want to explore and define the issue they want to solve. their playing field should provide data from various sectors (such as farming and nutrition, culture, economy and employment, education &amp; research, international &amp; europe, housing, sustainable, development &amp; energies, health &amp; social, society, territories &amp; transport). participants are encouraged to mix the different fields and leverage the existing information with other (properly sourced) open data sets. deliverable 1 is the preliminary preparation and problem qualification step. the objectives is to define the what, why &amp; how. what issue do we want to solve? why does it promise value for public authorities, companies, citizens? how do we want to explore the provided data? for deliverable 2, the participant needs to present the intermediary outputs and adjustments to the analysis framework. the objectives is to confirm the how and the relevancy of the first results. finally, with deliverable 3, the participant needs to present the final outputs and the value case. the objective is to confirm the why. why will it create value for public authorities, companies, and citizens. assessment and grading: the participants will present their results to their peers on a regular basis. an evaluation framework will be provided for the participants to assess the quality of each others deliverables.  null null"
mooc	course		foundations of strategic business analytics	"null who is this course for? this course is designed for students, business analysts, and data scientists who want to apply statistical knowledge and techniques to business contexts. for example, it may be suited to experienced statisticians, analysts, engineers who want to move more into a business role. you will find this course exciting and rewarding if you already have a background in statistics, can use r or another programming language and are familiar with databases and data analysis techniques such as regression, classification, and clustering. however, it contains a number of recitals and r studio tutorials which will consolidate your competences, enable you to play more freely with data and explore new features and statistical functions in r. with this course, youll have a first overview on strategic business analytics topics. well discuss a wide variety of applications of business analytics. from marketing to supply chain or credit scoring and hr analytics, etc. well cover many different data analytics techniques, each time explaining how to be relevant for your business. well pay special attention to how you can produce convincing, actionable, and efficient insights. well also present you with different data analytics tools to be applied to different types of issues. by doing so, well help you develop four sets of skills needed to leverage value from data: analytics, it, business and communication. by the end of this mooc, you should be able to approach a business issue using analytics by (1) qualifying the issue at hand in quantitative terms, (2) conducting relevant data analyses, and (3) presenting your conclusions and recommendations in a business-oriented, actionable and efficient way. prerequisites : 1/ be able to use r or to program 2/ to know the fundamentals of databases, data analysis (regression, classification, clustering) we give credit to pauline glikman, albane gaubert, elias abou khalil-lanvin (students at essec business school) for their contribution to this course design. introduction to strategic business analytics . finding groups within data . factors leading to events . predictions and forecasting . recommendation production and prioritization null null"
mooc	course		strategic career self-management	"null according to the u.s. bureau of labor statistics, in the current economy, americans shift jobs every 4-5 years, which translates into 8-10 job transitions, including several career changes, over ones life time. with competition for jobs on the rise, a persons continuing employability and career success are increasingly defined by his or her mastery of individual career development and the ability to effectively manage oneself (p. drucker). in this course, you will learn how to think strategically and professionally about your career self-management. through this course youll develop an objective, external view of your marketable skills as a solid foundation for building a strong career brand. in particular, youll be able to: - explain why developing a protean and boundaryless career perspective based on transferable (portable) skills is advantageous for continuing employability and career growth; - design your portable skills portfolio, identify and examine critically important competencies underpinning your transferable skills, and analyze your career self-management competency gaps; - increase self-awareness, pinpoint your career goals, and envision your future work self; - recognize the central role of self-management for developing transferable, marketable, skills and create a customized self-management information system (career development lab) for ongoing personal development and professional growth; - conduct a thorough, competency-based job analysis in your area of interest and examine practices of evidence-based, data-driven competitive employee selection; -implement your newly developed skills for crafting effective selection criteria statements and refining your job applications. getting started . understanding careers and career skills . crafting career self-strategy . how to be competitive on the job market . putting career self-management to work . course review null null"
mooc	course		supply chain management: a learning perspective	"null as a human being, we all consume products and/or services all the time. this morning you got up and ate your breakfast, e.g., eggs, milk, bread, fresh fruits, and the like. after the breakfast, you drove your car to work or school. at your office, you used your computer, perhaps equipped with 27 lcd monitor. during your break, you drank a cup of coffee and played with your iphone. so on and so forth. you probably take it for granted that you can enjoy all of these products. but if you take a closer look at how each of these products can be made and eventually delivered to you, you will realize that each one of these is no short of miracle. for example, which fruit do you like? consider fresh strawberries. in order for the strawberries to be on your breakfast table, there must be numerous functions, activities, transactions, and people involved in planting, cultivating, delivering, and consuming strawberries. moreover, all of these functions, activities, transactions, and people are connected as an integral chain, through which physical products like strawberries themselves and virtual elements such as information and communication flow back and forth constantly. by grouping related functions or activities, we have a supply chain, comprised of four primary functions such as supplier, manufacturer, distributor, and finally consumer. a supply chain is essentially a value chain. for the society or economy as a whole, the goal is to maximize value, i.e., to create satisfactory value without spending too much. in order to create the maximum value for the strawberry supply chain, every participant in the chain must carry out its function efficiently. in addition, all of the members must coordinate with each other effectively in order to ensure value maximization. we have to face the same issues for almost all the products and services we take for granted in our everyday life, e.g., cars, hamburgers, haircuts, surgeries, movies, banks, restaurants, and you name it! in this course, we want to understand fundamental principles of value creation for the consumers or the market. we try to answer questions like how the product or service is made, how the value-creating activities or functions are coordinated, who should play what leadership roles in realizing all these, and so on. as our course title hints, we approach all of these issues from a learning perspective, which is dynamic in nature and emphasizes long-term capability building rather than short-term symptomatic problem solving. re-opening introduction . introduction to value, value creation, and supply chain management . management capability . learning perspective . quality management . new product innovation . supply chain strategy i: structural and infrastructural dimensions . supply chain strategy ii: coordination for value creation . supply chain globalization and sustainability . final exam null null"
mooc	course		survey data collection and analytics capstone	"null the capstone project offers qualified learners to the opportunity to apply their knowledge by analyzing and comparing multiple data sources on the same topic. students will develop a research question, access and analyze relevant data, and critically examine the quality of each data source. at the completion of this capstone, students will have demonstrated hands-on data analysis capability, evaluated the quality of different data sources using the total survey error approach, involving at least some of the following: comparing weighted non-probability samples to data collected from probability samples, using sampling techniques to correct for coverage errors, and tracking and analyzing social media postings relevant to the projects topic  null null"
mooc	course		introduction to systematic review and meta-analysis	"null we will introduce methods to perform systematic reviews and meta-analysis of clinical trials. we will cover how to formulate an answerable research question, define inclusion and exclusion criteria, search for the evidence, extract data, assess the risk of bias in clinical trials, and perform a meta-analysis. upon successfully completing this course, participants will be able to: - describe the steps in conducting a systematic review - develop an answerable question using the participants interventions comparisons outcomes (pico) framework - describe the process used to collect and extract data from reports of clinical trials - describe methods to critically assess the risk of bias of clinical trials - describe and interpret the results of meta-analyses introduction . framing the question . searching principles and bias assessment . minimizing metabias, qualitative synthesis, and interpreting results . planning the meta-analysis and statistical methods . wrap up and final peer review assignment null null"
mooc	course		introduction to systems biology	"null this course will introduce the student to contemporary systems biology focused on mammalian cells, their constituents and their functions. biology is moving from molecular to modular. as our knowledge of our genome and gene expression deepens and we develop lists of molecules (proteins, lipids, ions) involved in cellular processes, we need to understand how these molecules interact with each other to form modules that act as discrete functional systems. these systems underlie core subcellular processes such as signal transduction, transcription, motility and electrical excitability. in turn these processes come together to exhibit cellular behaviors such as secretion, proliferation and action potentials. what are the properties of such subcellular and cellular systems? what are the mechanisms by which emergent behaviors of systems arise? what types of experiments inform systems-level thinking? why do we need computation and simulations to understand these systems? the course will develop multiple lines of reasoning to answer the questions listed above. two major reasoning threads are: the design, execution and interpretation of multivariable experiments that produce large data sets; quantitative reasoning, models and simulations. examples will be discussed to demonstrate how cell- level functions arise and why mechanistic knowledge allows us to predict cellular behaviors leading to disease states and drug responses. systems level reasoning | molecules to pathways . pathways to networks | physical forces and electrical activity in cell biology . mathematical representations of cell biological systems | simulations of cell biological systems . experimental technologies | network building and analysis . midterm . analysis of networks | topology to function . strengths and limitations of different types of models | identifying emergent properties . emergent properties: ultrasensitivity and robustness | case studies . case studies | systems biomedicine | systems pharmacology and therapeutics | perspective . final null null"
mooc	course		systems science and obesity	"null systems science has been instrumental in breaking new scientific ground in diverse fields such as meteorology, engineering and decision analysis. however, it is just beginning to impact public health. this seminar is designed to introduce students to basic tools of theory building and data analysis in systems science and to apply those tools to better understand the obesity epidemic in human populations. there will also be a lab in which students will use a simple demonstration model of food acquisition behavior using agent-based modeling on standard (free) software (netlogo). the central organizing idea of the course is to examine the obesity epidemic at a population level as an emergent properties of complex, nested systems, with attention to feedback processes, multilevel interactions, and the phenomenon of emergence. while the emphasis will be on obesity, the goal will be to explore ways in which the systems approach can be applied to other non-communicable diseases both nationally and internationally. topics will include: a) the epidemiology of obesity across time and place, b) theories to explain population obesity, c) the role of environments and economic resources in obesity c) basic concepts and tools of systems science, d) modeling energy-balance related behaviors in context, e) agent-based models, systems dynamic models, and social network models module 1 . module 2 . module 3 . module 4 null null"
mooc	course		exploring light: hands-on activities and strategies for teachers	"null this is an exploratorium teacher professional development course taught by teacher institute staff, open to any science teacher (particularly middle or high school level) and science enthusiast. this is a hands-on workshop that explores topics and strategies teachers can use to help their students become active investigators of light. watch a preview video (copy and paste this link into your browser): https://youtu.be/fpvt_qubviw there are four weeks of course content, which require 2-4 hours per week. each module builds upon the previous one, so we strongly suggest you follow the sequence weve outlined rather than skip ahead or do the course in less time. the course is designed to give you an opportunity to learn and share with others, not test what you know. there are weekly activity and reflection assignments, but these will not be graded. to receive credit for this course, you will need to complete the peer-reviewed final assignment. as a participant, you will: - watch videos that demonstrate natural phenomena and the exploratoriums approach to teaching and learning - conduct personal investigations by engaging in hands-on activities based in those phenomena - reflect and share your experience doing activities - discuss and identify challenges and opportunities for teaching - devise a lesson of your own based on one or more of the activities each week, well look at a different light-related topic: we will start by examining human visual perception, then take a brief historical tour of our evolving scientific understanding. well also look at optics and optical instruments and finish by looking at the wave nature of light. to get the most out of this experience, youll have to try out some activities! in return, youll get lots of valuable teaching resources, an in-depth understanding of the subject matter, and useful tips and techniques for the classroom. note: this is a hands-on workshop, so you will need to buy or find materials. all of the materials required are inexpensive and should be easy to obtain, and we welcome substitutions! a separate list of materials is available for each activity. introduction to exploring light . week one: perception . week two: history of our ideas about light . week three: optics and image making . week four: the wave nature of light null null"
mooc	course		evolution: a course for educators	"null how are all of the species living on earth today related? how does understanding evolutionary science contribute to our well-being? in this course, participants will learn about evolutionary relationships, population genetics, and natural and artificial selection. participants will explore evolutionary science and learn how to integrate it into their classrooms. course introduction . introduction and darwins first great idea - the tree of life . darwins second great idea - adaptation via natural selection . the history of life . human evolution . course conclusion null null"
mooc	course		first year teaching (secondary grades) - success from the start	"null success with your students starts on day 1. learn from ntcs 25 years developing key skills and strategies to create positive, productive classroom environments where students thrive. build relationships with secondary grade (6-12) students, establish and maintain behavioral expectations, implement classroom procedures and routines, and use instructional time effectively. about the course: developing mastery in establishing and maintaining a rich learning environment is one of the great joys of being a teacher. this course will provide high leverage strategies, resources, and support for professional growth so that you can provide students with the engaging, safe environment essential for student learning. this course is aligned to the needs of secondary grade teachers (6-12 grade, usually teaching multiple sections of the same content area, like math, fine arts, science, etc. to students 12 years and older). this course will teach you how to implement research-based strategies in the following areas: - setting and communicating high expectations for students; - building positive relationships with and between students; - organizing the learning environment; - behavioral preventions and interventions; and - establishing and maintaining routines and procedures that support student learning. stellar classrooms dont just happentheyre created with the kind of intentional planning and preparation this course offers so that you and your students can be successful from the start! building a classroom . building appreciation . collaboration and responsibility . responsibility . organization and efficiency . efficiency null null"
mooc	course		text mining and analytics	"null this course will cover the major techniques for mining and analyzing text data to discover interesting patterns, extract useful knowledge, and support decision making, with an emphasis on statistical approaches that can be generally applied to arbitrary text data in any natural language with no or minimum human effort. detailed analysis of text data requires understanding of natural language text, which is known to be a difficult task for computers. however, a number of statistical approaches have been shown to work well for the shallow but robust analysis of text data for pattern finding and knowledge discovery. you will learn the basic concepts, principles, and major algorithms in text mining and their potential applications.  null null"
mooc	course		text retrieval and search engines	"null recent years have seen a dramatic growth of natural language text data, including web pages, news articles, scientific literature, emails, enterprise documents, and social media such as blog articles, forum posts, product reviews, and tweets. text data are unique in that they are usually generated directly by humans rather than a computer system or sensors, and are thus especially valuable for discovering knowledge about peoples opinions and preferences, in addition to many other kinds of knowledge that we encode in text. this course will cover search engine technologies, which play an important role in any data mining applications involving text data for two reasons. first, while the raw data may be large for any particular problem, it is often a relatively small subset of the data that are relevant, and a search engine is an essential tool for quickly discovering a small subset of relevant text data in a large text collection. second, search engines are needed to help analysts interpret any patterns discovered in the data by allowing them to examine the relevant original text data to make sense of any discovered pattern. you will learn the basic concepts, principles, and the major techniques in text retrieval, which is the underlying science of search engines. orientation . week 1 . week 2 . week 3 . week 4 . week 5 . week 6 null null"
mooc	course		introduction to thermodynamics: transferring energy from here to there	"null course description this course provides an introduction to the most powerful engineering principles you will ever learn - thermodynamics: the science of transferring energy from one place or form to another place or form. we will introduce the tools you need to analyze energy systems from solar panels, to engines, to insulated coffee mugs. more specifically, we will cover the topics of mass and energy conservation principles; first law analysis of control mass and control volume systems; properties and behavior of pure substances; and applications to thermodynamic systems operating at steady state conditions. course format the class consists of lecture videos, which average 8 to 12 minutes in length. the videos include integrated in-video quiz questions. there are also quizzes at the end of each section, which include problems to practice your analytical skills that are not part of video lectures. there are no exams. grading policy each question is worth 1 point. a correct answer is worth +1 point. an incorrect answer is worth 0 points. there is no partial credit. you can attempt each quiz up to three times every 8 hours, with an unlimited number of total attempts. the number of questions that need to be answered correctly to pass are displayed at the beginning of each quiz. following the mastery learning model, students must pass all 8 practice quizzes with a score of 80% or higher in order to complete the course. estimated workload if you follow the suggested deadlines, lectures and quizzes will each take approximately ~3 hours per week each, for a total of ~6 hours per week. target audience basic undergraduate engineering or science student. frequently asked questions - what are the prerequisites for taking this course? an introductory background (high school or first year college level) in chemistry, physics, and calculus will help you be successful in this class. -what will this class prepare me for in the academic world? thermodynamics is a prerequisite for many follow-on courses, like heat transfer, internal combustion engines, propulsion, and gas dynamics, to name a few. -what will this class prepare me for in the real world? energy is one of the top challenges we face as a global society. energy demands are deeply tied to the other major challenges of clean water, health, food resources, and poverty. understanding how energy systems work is key to understanding how to meet all these needs around the world. because energy demands are only increasing, this course also provides the foundation for many rewarding professional careers. week 1 . week 2 . week 3 . week 4 . week 5 . week 6 . week 7 . week 8 null null"
mooc	course		tinkering fundamentals: a constructionist approach to stem learning	"null the tinkering fundamentals course will offer educators and enthusiasts an opportunity to develop a practice of tinkering and making. we see tinkering as a serious endeavorone that is generalizable across content and especially good at interweaving disciplines in a way that leads to complex projects and individualized learning opportunities. tinkering has recently been introduced into the educational field as a potential driver of creativity, excitement, and innovation in science learning. it is seen by many as an effective means to engage in exploring stem concepts, practices and phenomena. tinkering typically blends the high and low tech tools of science along with a strong aesthetic dimension that supports childrens (and adults) self expression. for over a decade, the exploratorium has been developing science-rich tinkering activities for both children and adults. we see tinkering as a fun yet serious endeavorspanning many disciplines and content areas and fostering connections between art, science, and technology. learners follow their own path to understanding by investigating tools and materials and exploring questions that interest them. this opens up a wide range of possible answers rather than any right one, particularly for teaching stem (science, technology, engineering, math) subjects in the classroom. this course centers on circuit-related activities, which offer a wealth of opportunities for thinking through making. in this course, we wont just show you how we develop tinkering activities; well also delve into why. well focus on three important aspects: activity design around specific materials, facilitation strategies, and environmental organization. well also share some guiding principles and learning indicators weve developed that can help you integrate tinkering into your elementary and middle-school science program. whether youre new to making or a seasoned tinkerer, we hope this course will help you take the next step! our approach to teaching this is a hands-on workshop, not a lecture-based class. participation is essential! we want everyone to be making and tinkering together: trying things out, asking questions, sharing ideas, and reflecting together as a community. this is a wonderful chance to tinker and learn alongside people from all over the world and from all walks of life, so dont be shy! please note: although this course will not have active instructor participation, we have put a great deal of effort towards creating a supportive space that encourages exploration. well give you a few ways to get started; prompt you to share your own observations and experience as learners, designers and facilitators; and hopefully spark interesting conversations and discoveries along the way. while its not a requirement, we encourage you to take this class with a friend or colleague or meet with other people in your area: having support or doing activities with others will enhance your experience and help you stay engaged. required course materials you will need several tools and materials to do weekly course activities. pre-bundled materials are available from the exploratorium store at www.artoftinkering.com. please obtain all materials as soon as possible, well in advance of when you will need them in the course. be sure to allow extra time for shipping and, if you are outside the u.s., for customs. in some cases, certain items may require assembly. please refer to the resources section to review this courses activity guides. introduction to tinkering . initial explorations . learning dimensions . tinkering tenets and personal expression . coding, computation and facilitation strategies . putting it all together null null"
mooc	course		introduction to user experience design	null the focus of this course is to introduce the learner to user experience (ux) design user experience design is design that is user centered. the goal is to design artifacts that allow the users to meet their needs in the most effective efficient and satisfying manner. the course introduces the novice to a cycle of discovery and evaluation and a set of techniques that meet the users needs. this course is geared toward the novice. it is for learners that have heard about user experience or user interface design but dont really know much about these disciplines. the course mantra is that design is a systematic and data driven process. design is systematic because it is based on a set of techniques and also on a cycle of discovery. in this course the learner is introduced to the four step user interface design cycle. along the way learners are exposed to a set of techniques to gather information about a) what the user needs b)how to design and model interfaces based on these and then how to evaluate the design to ascertain that the users goals are met. these techniques are tools that are used in a standardized manner and give us the data we use in our design. this means that anyone (regardless of their current training) that is willing to learn these techniques and follow the proposed cycle can be a ux designer! welcome . overview of user experience design . requirement gathering . designing alternatives . prototyping . evaluation null null
mooc	course		visual perception and the brain	"null learners will be introduced to the problems that vision faces, using perception as a guide. the course will consider how what we see is generated by the visual system, what the central problem for vision is, and what visual perception indicates about how the brain works. the evidence will be drawn from neuroscience, psychology, the history of vision science and what philosophy has contributed. although the discussions will be informed by visual system anatomy and physiology, the focus is on perception. we see the physical world in a strange way, and goal is to understand why. background . seeing lightness, darkness and color . seeing space . seeing motion . summing up null null"
mooc	course		web application development: basic concepts	"null this is the first course in a coursera specialization track involving web application architectures. this course will give you the basic background, terminology and fundamental concepts that you need to understand in order to build modern full stack web applications. a full stack web developer is familiar with each layer of the software technologies involved in a web application, including data modeling and database technologies, the web server environment and middleware components, network protocols, the user interface and basic visual design and user interaction concepts. in this course we will learn by doing. we will start by learning the major components of web application architectures, along with the fundamental design patterns and philosophies that are used to organize them. you will build and continually refine a fully functional full-stack web application as we progress through the modules in this course. along the way you will be exposed to agile software development practices, numerous tools that software engineers are expected to know how to use, and a modern web application development framework. this course is also available in spanish. to join the spanish version, visit this page: https://www.coursera.org/learn/apliweb. welcome . module #1 - web applications in context . module #2 - web applications frameworks . module #3 - managing data . module #4 - middleware . module #5 - the user interface null null"
mooc	course		web application development with javascript and mongodb	"null in this course, you will develop more advanced web application programming skills. you will learn how to control data read and write access using methods, publish and subscribe. you will learn how to access your database and server shells using command line tools. you will use the simpleschema system to validate data and generate input forms automatically. you will see a complete collaborative code editing environment, textcircle, being built from scratch. at the end of this course, you will be able to: - use meteor methods to control data write access - use publish and subscribe to control data read access - install and use advanced meteor packages - add user accounts to your applications - implement complex mongodb filters - use the mongodb and meteor server shells - define data validations schemas using simpleschema - generate data input forms automatically using simpleschema in this course, you will complete: 2 programming assignments taking ~4 hours each to complete 4 quizzes, each taking ~20 minutes to complete multiple practice quizzes, each taking ~5 minutes to complete participation in or completion of this online course will not confer academic credit for university of london programmes web application development with javascript and mongodb: course overview . mongodb, meteor and reactive data . user accounts, packages and methods . publish and subscribe model and mongodb filters . simpleschemas, autoform and code re-organisation . summary null null"
mooc	course		full stack web development specialization capstone project	"null the capstone project is the culmination of your journey through the full stack web development specialization. the capstone project is aimed at building a fully functional front-end application (both web app designed using bootstrap+angularjs, and hybrid mobile app implemented using the ionic framework) and full server-side implementation using node.js+express+mongodb (possibly using a higher level framework). the project provides you an opportunity to demonstrate the skills that you have acquired from the courses within the specialization. as a student in this capstone course, you are being provided the opportunity to access ibm bluemix platform-as-a-service trial for up to six months at no-charge with no credit card (up to a $1500 value).  null null"
mooc	course		front-end web ui frameworks and tools	"null this course will give you an overview of client-side web frameworks, in particular bootstrap. you will learn about grids and responsive design, bootstrap css and javascript components. you will learn about css preprocessors, less and sass. you will also learn the basics of node.js and npm and learn about web tools like bower. at the end of this course, you will be able to: - set up, design and style a web page using bootstrap and its components - create a responsive web page design - make use of web tools to setup and manage web sites front-end web ui frameworks overview: bootstrap . bootstrap css components . bootstrap javascript components . web tools null null"
mooc	course		wharton business and financial modeling capstone	"null in this capstone you will recommend a business strategy based on a data models youve constructed. using a dataset from wharton research data services (wrds), you will implement quantitative models in spreadsheets to identify the best opportunities for success and minimizing risk. using your newly acquired decision-making skills, you will structure a decision and present this course of action in a professional quality powerpoint presentation which includes both data and data analysis from your quantitative models. wharton research data services (wrds) is the leading data research platform and business intelligence tool for over 30,000 corporate, academic, government and nonprofit clients in 33 countries. wrds provides the user with one location to access over 200 terabytes of data across multiple disciplines including accounting, banking, economics, esg, finance, insurance, marketing, and statistics.  null null"
mooc	course		business analytics capstone	"null the business analytics capstone project gives you the opportunity to apply what youve learned about how to make data-driven decisions to a real business challenge faced by yahoo, a global technology company. at the end of this capstone, youll be able to ask the right questions of the data, and know how to use data effectively to address business challenges of your own. youll understand how cutting-edge businesses use data to optimize marketing, maximize revenue, make operations efficient, and make hiring and management decisions so that you can apply these strategies to your own company or business. designed with yahoo to give you invaluable experience in evaluating and creating data-driven decisions, the business analytics capstone project provides the chance for you to devise a plan of action for optimizing data itself to provide key insights and analysis, and to describe the interaction between key financial and non-financial indicators in yahoos strategy. once you complete your analysis of yahoos actions, youll be better prepared to make better data-driven business decisions of your own.  null null"
mooc	course		customer analytics	"null data about our browsing and buying patterns are everywhere. from credit card transactions and online shopping carts, to customer loyalty programs and user-generated ratings/reviews, there is a staggering amount of data that can be used to describe our past buying behaviors, predict future ones, and prescribe new ways to influence future purchasing decisions. in this brand new course, four of whartons top marketing professors will dive deeper into the key areas of customer analytics: descriptive analytics, predictive analytics, prescriptive analytics, and their application to real-world business practices including amazon, google, and starbucks to name a few. by the end of this course, youll understand how data is used to describe, explain, and predict customer behavior; best practices for using this data to prescribe more effective business strategies; and how successful companies are currently using such data to meet (and shape) customer needs, and to increase their bottom line in the process. this course has been designed to help you make better business decisions about emerging data structures, so that you can apply what youve learned to your own company or business today.&nbsp; introduction to customer analytics . descriptive analytics . predictive analytics . prescriptive analytics . application/case studies null null"
mooc	course		decision-making and scenarios	"null this course is designed to show you how use quantitative models to transform data into better business decisions. youll learn both how to use models to facilitate decision-making and also how to structure decision-making for optimum results. two of whartons most acclaimed professors will show you the step-by-step processes of modeling common business and financial scenarios, so you can significantly improve your ability to structure complex problems and derive useful insights about alternatives. once youve created models of existing realities, possible risks, and alternative scenarios, you can determine the best solution for your business or enterprise, using the decision-making tools and techniques youve learned in this course. evaluation criteria: net present value . evaluating projects . expressing business strategies in financial terms . new product value null null"
mooc	course		introduction to spreadsheets and models	"null the simple spreadsheet is one of the most powerful data analysis tools that exists, and its available to almost anyone. major corporations and small businesses alike use spreadsheet models to determine where key measures of their success are now, and where they are likely to be in the future. but in order to get the most out of a spreadsheet, you have know how to use it. this course is designed to give you an introduction to basic spreadsheet tools and formulas so that you can begin harness the power of spreadsheets to map the data you have now and to predict the data you may have in the future. through short, easy-to-follow demonstrations, youll learn how to use excel or sheets so that you can begin to build models and decision trees in future courses in this specialization. basic familiarity with, and access to, excel or sheets is required. spreadsheets: a tool for thinking with numbers . from spreadsheet to model . addressing uncertainty and probability in models . simulation and optimization null null"
mooc	course		operations analytics	"null this course is designed to impact the way you think about transforming data into better decisions. recent extraordinary improvements in data-collecting technologies have changed the way firms make informed and effective business decisions. the course on operations analytics, taught by three of whartons leading experts, focuses on how the data can be used to profitably match supply with demand in various business settings. in this course, you will learn how to model future demand uncertainties, how to predict the outcomes of competing policy choices and how to choose the best course of action in the face of risk. the course will introduce frameworks and ideas that provide insights into a spectrum of real-world business challenges, will teach you methods and software available for tackling these challenges quantitatively as well as the issues involved in gathering the relevant data. introduction, descriptive and predictive analytics . prescriptive analytics, low uncertainty . predictive analytics, risk . prescriptive analytics, high uncertainty null null"
mooc	course		people analytics	"null people analytics is a data-driven approach to managing people at work. for the first time in history, business leaders can make decisions about their people based on deep analysis of data rather than the traditional methods of personal relationships, decision making based on experience, and risk avoidance. in this brand new course, three of whartons top professors, all pioneers in the field of people analytics, will explore the state-of-the-art techniques used to recruit and retain great people, and demonstrate how these techniques are used at cutting-edge companies. theyll explain how data and sophisticated analysis is brought to bear on people-related issues, such as recruiting, performance evaluation, leadership, hiring and promotion, job design, compensation, and collaboration. by the end of this course, youll understand how and when hard data is used to make soft-skill decisions about hiring and talent development, so that you can position yourself as a strategic partner in your companys talent management decisions. organizations flourish when the people who work in them flourish. analytics can help make both happen. this course in people analytics is designed to help you flourish in your career, too. introduction to people analytics, and performance evaluation . staffing . collaboration . talent management and future directions null null"
mooc	course		fundamentals of quantitative modeling	"null how can you put data to work for you? specifically, how can numbers in a spreadsheet tell us about present and past business activities, and how can we use them to forecast the future? the answer is in building quantitative models, and this course is designed to help you understand the fundamentals of this critical, foundational, business skill. through a series of short lectures, demonstrations, and assignments, youll learn the key ideas and process of quantitative modeling so that you can begin to create your own models for your own business or enterprise. by the end of this course, you will have seen a variety of practical commonly used quantitative models as well as the building blocks that will allow you to start structuring your own models. these building blocks will be put to use in the other courses in this specialization. module 1: introduction to models . module 2: linear models and optimization . module 3: probabilistic models . module 4: regression models null null"
mooc	course		modeling risk and realities	"null useful quantitative models help you to make informed decisions both in situations in which the factors affecting your decision are clear, as well as in situations in which some important factors are not clear at all. in this course, you can learn how to create quantitative models to reflect complex realities, and how to include in your model elements of risk and uncertainty. youll also learn the methods for creating predictive models for identifying optimal choices; and how those choices change in response to changes in the models assumptions. youll also learn the basics of the measurement and management of risk. by the end of this course, youll be able to build your own models with your own data, so that you can begin making data-informed decisions. youll also be prepared for the next course in the specialization. week 1: modeling decisions in low uncertainty settings . week 2: risk and reward: modeling high uncertainty settings . week 3: choosing distributions that fit your data . week 4: balancing risk and reward using simulation null null"
mooc	course		what is social?	"null the what is social? mooc is for business owners, executives, and marketing professionals who want to significantly improve their abilities to grow their social strategy using effective, proven methodologies. this hands on, how to program wont just tell you how to grow your professional persona using social  you will actually do it! this course is the first in the six-course specialization, social media marketing: how to profit in a digital world. there are three options for taking this course: 1. enroll for free. 2. enroll in the signature track to earn a course certificate from northwestern and gain access the course toolkit for $79. (for mooc 1, the toolkit includes a special video from alessandro acquisti on big data and a set of studies done by ibm on engagement and social marketing strategies with bottom-line profits.) 3. take the mooc as part of the six-course social media specialization ($426). if you register for all six courses at once, you will receive a ten percent discount, earn the more prestigious social media marketing specialization certificate from northwestern, and access to the toolkits for all courses. this course has been designed to give you the tools, insights, knowledge, and skills to immediately impact your organization. in addition, we will help you network with thought leaders in social. after completing this course, you and your organizations staff will be able to position, engage, and grow relationships with the consumers of highest value to you. today, we are living in a period of massive disruption. new technologies are changing the way people engage with each other and with the organizations that interest them. this course will start you on the path to growing your own social strategy using effective, proven methodologies. additional mooc 1 faculty include: * judy ungar franks (president, the marketing democracy, ltd. &amp; lecturer, medill integrated marketing communications, northwestern) introduction to social marketing . social trends . the business of social . social overview null null"
mooc	course		wireless communication emerging technologies	"null this course covers the services and specifications of the most popular wireless communication technologies used around the world. the most popular wireless communication technologies are mobile communication, wlan (wireless local area network), and wpan (wireless personal area network), which are all included in smartphones. among wlan types wi-fi is most popular, and among wpan types bluetooth is most popular. therefore, the lectures in this course cover wi-fi and bluetooth specifications. in addition, the evolution of mobile communication technologies is explained starting from the 1st generation (1g) all the way to the most advanced 4th generation (4g) systems. in addition, further details on the state-of-the-art lte (long term evolution) and lte-advanced 4g mobile communication technologies are presented. bluetooth . wi-fi . mobile communications . lte &amp; lte-a . outro null null"
mooc	course		"two speed it: how companies can surf the digital wave, a bcg perspective"	"null transform or disappear, the darwinism of it: in order to adapt to a digital world, a two-speed it is needed. despite the importance of it in todays digital world, chief information officers (cios) often struggle to get their voices heard by executive committees. faced with this challenge, it departments are being forced to reinvent themselves to adapt their companies to the fast paced evolution of technology. the boston consulting group has developed a business approach that allows it to shed off its appearance of a heavy cost center and to adopt a new, more realistic persona as a quality service provider, partnering with users and the management. would you be a professional, a student in engineering, a student in a business schools or would you just be interested in digital transformation and its implications on it, learn with three bcg experts why and how to manage an it department as a business in order to transform a company and adapt it to a digital world. join the conversation: #2speedit introduction . it and the cio in the digital world . steer the balance sheet . market and sell products . run the factories . manage human resources . transform or disappear null null"
mooc	course		3d printing hardware	"null this course will provide an in-depth exploration of desktop 3d printing hardware. it will examine the history of desktop 3d printing and demonstrate how 3d printers are made and how they work. this course will also provide step-by-step instructions for how to use and repair a 3d printer. it will also explore the different types of materials that can be 3d printed and will demonstrate how you can create various objects using these tools and materials. learners who complete this course will be able to successfully operate, repair, and upgrade a 3d printer. in addition, learners who enroll in the course certificate will be able to purchase a desktop 3d printer at a discounted price (provided by ultimaker). if you enjoy this business course and are interested in an mba, consider applying to the imba, a flexible, fully-accredited online mba at an incredibly competitive price offered by the university of illinois. for more information, please see the resource page in this course and onlinemba.illinois.edu.  null null"
mooc	course		3d printing applications	"null this course will help you understand how 3d printing is being applied across a number of domains, including design, manufacturing, and retailing. it will also demonstrate the special capabilities of 3d printing such as customization, self-assembly, and the ability to print complex objects. in addition to business applications, this course will also examine how individuals, including those in developing countries, are using this technology to create solutions to the problems they face. this course will also provide an overview of design thinking and how you can use this framework to develop ideas that can be turned into objects. learners who complete this course will obtain a rich understanding of the capabilities of 3d printing and how to think about designing objects for this new technology. if you enjoy this business course and are interested in an mba, consider applying to the imba, a flexible, fully-accredited online mba at an incredibly competitive price offered by the university of illinois. for more information, please see the resource page in this course and onlinemba.illinois.edu. course orientation . module 1: 3d printing  a new way of making . module 2: 3d printing  on-demand manufacturing . module 3: 3d printing for development and education . module 4: from ideas to objects . course wrap up null null"
mooc	course		3d printing capstone	"null the capstone will integrate the learning acquired from the four courses in the 3d printing specialization through a hands-on project. this project will enable you to turn an idea into an object using the knowledge and skills acquired through the other courses. specifically, you will be guided through a step-by-step process in which you imagine, design, make, and share a 3d printed object. thus, through this capstone, you will be able to put course concepts into action and utilize the skills that you have acquired throughout the specialization. in addition, you will be able to obtain an actual 3d print of the object you design at a discounted price through our corporate partners, 3d hubs and shapeways. if you enjoy this business course and are interested in an mba, consider applying to the imba, a flexible, fully-accredited online mba at an incredibly competitive price offered by the university of illinois. for more information, please see the resource page in this course and onlinemba.illinois.edu.  null null"
mooc	course		the 3d printing revolution	"null this course will demonstrate how 3d printers work, show what people make with them, and examine the 3d printing ecosystem. it will also explore the future of 3d printing and discuss how this technology will revolutionize our world. the course materials include informative video lectures, on-location interviews with a variety of 3d printing experts, and engaging hands-on exercises. learners who complete this introductory course will have a solid understanding of 3d printing and its revolutionary potential, and will be able to print and customize 3d designs. in addition, learners will obtain a preview of the other courses in the 3d printing specialization and gain an appreciation for how these courses will help them develop the knowledge and skills to turn their ideas into objects. if you enjoy this business course and are interested in an mba, consider applying to the imba, a flexible, fully-accredited online mba at an incredibly competitive price offered by the university of illinois. for more information, please see the resource page in this course and onlinemba.illinois.edu. course orientation . module 1: what is 3d printing? . module 2: why is it revolutionary? . course conclusion null null"
mooc	course		3d printing software	"null this course will demonstrate how to use 3d printing software to create digital designs that can be turned into physical objects. it will also demonstrate how 3d scanners work to turn physical objects into digital designs. this course is hands-on in nature and will provide step-by-step instructions to guide you through two popular 3d modeling programs, tinkercad and fusion 360. learners who complete this course will be able to use 3d software to design a wide variety of objects for both personal and professional use. in addition, learners who enroll in the course certificate will receive extended free access to fusion 360 (provided by autodesk). if you enjoy this business course and are interested in an mba, consider applying to the imba, a flexible, fully-accredited online mba at an incredibly competitive price offered by the university of illinois. for more information, please see the resource page in this course and onlinemba.illinois.edu.  null null"
mooc	course		anatomy of the abdomen and pelvis; a journey from basis to clinic.	"null in this anatomy course you will explore the organs involved in our food digestion and discover the common causes of abdominal and pelvic pain. the latest graphics and animations will help you to find new insights and understanding of this part of the body, that has been the focus of anatomical research for centuries and presently arouses renewed scientific interest. you will explore the 3d anatomy of the organs from a basic level, providing thorough anatomical understanding, to its advanced application in surgical procedures. this course will challenge you to discover and help you to understand the anatomy of the abdomen and pelvis in all its aspects, ranging from its embryological underpinnings, via digital microscopy to gross topography and its clinical applications. the course is unique in that it continuously connects basic anatomical knowledge from the lab with its medical applications and current diagnostic techniques. youll get the chance to discuss anatomical and clinical problems with peers and experts in forum discussions and you will receive guidance in exploring the wealth of anatomical information that has been gathered over the centuries. follow us on an exciting journey through the abdomen and pelvis where you digest your food but also where new life starts! mapping the abdomen and pelvis . trip into the gut . the gut and its suppliers and purchasers . knowing your peritoneal relationships . protecting the internal organs . pain! . concluding the mooc null null"
mooc	course		fundamentals of accounting capstone	"null the capstone project will be set in the context of a realistic small-business enterprise, and will require you to think deeply and apply the accounting concepts presented in the other courses in the fundamentals of accounting. while navigating the daily operations of the business, you will have an opportunity to consider the accounting implications of the economic events encountered, as well as how these economic events should be communicated to decision makers. if you enjoy this business course and are interested in an mba, consider applying to the imba, a flexible, fully-accredited online mba at an incredibly competitive price offered by the university of illinois. for more information, please see the resource page in this course and onlinemba.illinois.edu.  null null"
mooc	course		the addicted brain	"null this is a course about addiction to drugs and other behaviors. it will describe what happens in the brain and how this information helps us deal with and overcome addiction. it will also discuss other topics such as government policy and our vulnerability to take drugs. the background and overview of drug use . drugs &amp; how the brain works . classes of drugs, part 1 . classes of drugs, part 2 &amp; animal models . neurotransmission &amp; brain imaging . vulnerability: drug use, abuse, &amp; prevention . treatment, policy, &amp; decriminalization null null"
mooc	course		adhd: everyday strategies for elementary students	"null this course will provide an overview of adhd diagnosis and treatment. course participants can expect to learn about adhd as a developmental disorder that begins early in childhood, and participants will also learn about evidence-based approaches for diagnosing adhd. following that, two evidence-based treatment approaches (the daily report card and parenting strategies) will be introduced. (note these course activities are informational and are not intended to replace working with a licensed/trained professional). learning objectives: students will be able to identify the behaviors characteristic of adhd, the components of a diagnosis, and evidence-based treatment procedures that can be used in the school or home. 1. identify the key areas of functional impairment, symptom presentation, and diagnostic decision-making for youth with adhd. 2. develop a behavioral intervention suitable for treating adhd in the school setting. 3. apply effective parenting and teaching strategies for supporting youth with adhd in the home, classroom, and neighborhood. what is adhd? . methods of assessment for screening . school-based treatment approaches and the daily report card (drc) . parenting strategies null null"
mooc	course		"agriculture, economics and nature"	"null sound economic thinking is crucial for farmers because they depend on good economic decision making to survive. governments depend on economic information to make good policy decisions on behalf of the community. this course will help you to contribute to better decision making by farmers, or by agencies servicing agriculture, and it will help you to understand why farmers respond to policies and economic opportunities in the ways they do. you can use this course to improve your skills and knowledge, and to assess whether this is a subject that youd like to study further. the course includes high-quality video lectures, interviews with experts, demonstrations of how to build economic models in spreadsheets, practice quizzes, and a range of recommended readings and optional readings. assessment is by a final exam. the key economic principles that well learn about can help us understand changes that have occurred in agriculture, and support improved decision making about things like agricultural production methods, agricultural input levels, resource conservation, and the balance between agricultural production and its environmental impacts. there are literally thousands of agricultural economists around the world who work on these issues, so there is a wealth of knowledge to draw on for the course. agricultural production and prices, and agricultures reliance on natural resources . resource and environmental challenges facing agriculture . the economics of agricultural inputs . the economics of land conservation . the economics of agri-environmental projects . government policies in agriculture . final exam null null"
mooc	course		increasing real estate management profits: harnessing data analytics	"null in this final course you will complete a capstone project using data analysis to recommend a method for improving profits for your company, watershed property management, inc. watershed is responsible for managing thousands of residential rental properties throughout the united states. your job is to persuade watersheds management team to pursue a new strategy for managing its properties that will increase their profits. to do this, you will: (1) elicit information about important variables relevant to your analysis; (2) draw upon your new mysql database skills to extract relevant data from a real estate database; (3) implement data analysis in excel to identify the best opportunities for watershed to increase revenue and maximize profits, while managing any new risks; (4) create a tableau dashboard to show watershed executives the results of a sensitivity analysis; and (5) articulate a significant and innovative business process change for watershed based on your data analysis, that you will recommend to company executives. airbnb, our capstones official sponsor, provided input on the project design. the top 10 capstone completers each year will have the opportunity to present their work directly to senior data scientists at airbnb live for feedback and discussion. note: only learners who have passed the four previous courses in the specialization are eligible to take the capstone.  null null"
mooc	course		calculus: single variable part 4 - applications	"null calculus is one of the grandest achievements of human thought, explaining everything from planetary orbits to the optimal size of a city to the periodicity of a heartbeat. this brisk course covers the core ideas of single-variable calculus with emphases on conceptual understanding and applications. the course is ideal for students beginning in the engineering, physical, and social sciences. distinguishing features of the course include: 1) the introduction and use of taylor series and approximations from the beginning; 2) a novel synthesis of discrete and continuous forms of calculus; 3) an emphasis on the conceptual over the computational; and 4) a clear, dynamic, unified approach. in this fourth part--part four of five--we cover computing areas and volumes, other geometric applications, physical applications, and averages and mass. we also introduce probability. computing areas and volumes . other geometric applications . physical applications . averages and mass . an introduction to probability null null"
mooc	course		approximation algorithms part ii	"null approximation algorithms, part 2 this is the continuation of approximation algorithms, part 1. here you will learn linear programming duality applied to the design of some approximation algorithms, and semidefinite programming applied to maxcut. by taking the two parts of this course, you will be exposed to a range of problems at the foundations of theoretical computer science, and to powerful design and analysis techniques. upon completion, you will be able to recognize, when faced with a new combinatorial optimization problem, whether it is close to one of a few known basic problems, and will be able to design linear programming relaxations and use randomized rounding to attempt to solve your own problem. the course content and in particular the homework is of a theoretical nature without any programming assignments. this is the second of a two-part course on approximation algorithms. linear programming duality . steiner forest and primal-dual approximation algorithms . facility location and primal-dual approximation algorithms . maximum cut and semi-definite programming null null"
mooc	course		autism spectrum disorder	"null understanding the characteristics of autism spectrum disorder (asd) and their implications for behavior, learning and the ability to process information is critical for anyone working or interacting with those on the spectrum -- educators, clinicians, counselors, therapists, medical staff, family and employers. this course will give you a fundamental understanding of what asd is, how it is diagnosed, the primary areas of impairment, and why prevalence is increasing. examine the developmental and sensori-motor differences that may impact academic, play, social and self-help skills at different stages of life, including the transition to higher education and employment. gain a clear understanding of how sensory regulation differs for individuals on the spectrum, and explore practical tools for identifying triggers and communicating feelings. learn to use evidence-based practices to provide effective interventions and explore typical strengths and weaknesses of individuals on the spectrum in relation to identified impairments. the course culminates with a description of the asd system of care, an overview of the national standards report studies and treatments, and an explanation of how evidence-based practices are established and implemented. those seeking a more in-depth, instructor-led experience are encouraged to check out the professional concentration in autism offered by uc davis extension: https://extension.ucdavis.edu/certificate-program/professional-concentration-autism-spectrum-disorders course information &amp; overview of asd . developmental differences in autism across the lifespan . patterns of strengths and weaknesses . understanding sensory regulation differences . using evidence-based practices null null"
mooc	course		basic statistics	"null understanding statistics is essential to understand research in the social and behavioral sciences. in this course you will learn the basics of statistics; not just how to calculate them, but also how to evaluate them. this course will also prepare you for the next course in the specialization - the course inferential statistics. in the first part of the course we will discuss methods of descriptive statistics. you will learn what cases and variables are and how you can compute measures of central tendency (mean, median and mode) and dispersion (standard deviation and variance). next, we discuss how to assess relationships between variables, and we introduce the concepts correlation and regression. the second part of the course is concerned with the basics of probability: calculating probabilities, probability distributions and sampling distributions. you need to know about these things in order to understand how inferential statistics work. the third part of the course consists of an introduction to methods of inferential statistics - methods that help us decide whether the patterns we see in our data are strong enough to draw conclusions about the underlying population we are interested in. we will discuss confidence intervals and significance tests. you will not only learn about all these statistical concepts, you will also be trained to calculate and generate these statistics yourself using freely available statistical software. before we get started... . exploring data . correlation and regression . probability . probability distributions . sampling distributions . confidence intervals . significance tests . exam time! null null"
mooc	course		capstone: create your own professional journalistic portfolio	"null this is it! it is time for you to be the journalist, and practice and display the skills you have learned through this specialization journey. you will create your own professional journalistic portfolio, culminating in the creation of your own news report from start to finish. you will go through all the steps and skills used by professional journalists: conceptualizing a news report idea, reporting, interviewing, researching, and then compiling the information for an audience. your learner community, along with the michigan state journalism team, will be with you every step of the way. having a professional portfolio will help you market yourself as a journalist, showing off your work product, as well as practice and hone your journalistic skill set. you will receive an exclusive premium journalism badge for social media, to display your capstone completion.  null null"
mooc	course		"big data, cloud computing, &amp; cdn emerging technologies"	"null you have most likely heard about clouds and big data before, and already know how significantly important they are and will be in the future. cloud computing enables us to easily use software as well as processing platforms and computing infrastructure (that are not equipped on our computers and smartphones) from any location through internet services. big data provides us with new intelligence from massive data sets, which can help in situation/condition/status analysis and decision making. in addition, cdn is the best technology to provide information/contents to internet users in the quickest and most efficient way. therefore, the information/software/database/contents from clouds and big data centers can be very effectively supported by cdns. this is why these lectures are combined together in this course. cloud computing . big data . cdn (content delivery network) null null"
mooc	course		brand and product management	"null by taking this course you will be able to identify the critical information needed to develop a product and brand strategy that generates both quick-wins and long-term value. you will be in the position to create an activity plan to bring your brand strategy to life (both externally towards consumers and internally to employees) and you will be able to define the right metrics for determining success in the implementation of your product and brand strategy, considering any adjustments that may need to be made under a test and learn methodology. this course is made up of the following six modules: 1 - launching new products and the challenge of managing their life-cycle. at the end of this module, you will be able to demonstrate understanding of the product strategy concepts and to develop the factual support to define your product strategy. 2 - developing compelling brands that inspire your most critical stakeholders and impact your bottom line. this module will enable you to feel confident describing the different elements of a brand strategy and formulating a winning brand strategy. 3 - knowing how to communicate your offering: brand architecture &amp; naming. at the end of this module, you will be able to define how to name your brand and explain how to develop a system to incorporate future products and brands. 4 - building your brand portfolio. at the end of this module, you will be able to map your brand portfolio to maximize its value to support growth. 5 - translating your brand into compelling customer experiences. at the end of this module, you will feel confident defining and describing the customer experience journey for your brand. 6 - equipping and engaging employees to deliver on the brand promise. at the end of this module, you will be able to explain and apply the process to embed a brand internally within the organization. launching new products and the challenge of managing their life-cycle. . developing compelling brands that inspire your most critical stakeholders and impact your bottom line. . knowing how to communicate your offering: brand architecture &amp; naming. . building your brand portfolio. . translating your brand into compelling customer experiences. . equipping and engaging employees to deliver on the brand promise. null null"
mooc	course		accounting for business decision making: strategy assessment and control	"null accounting information is the lifeblood of the organization, as it facilitates and influences operational and strategic decisions intended to achieve organizational goals. organizations benefit from three decision-oriented roles of accounting: measurement, control, and communication. this course provides an introduction to accountings role in helping managers develop and implement, and improve the organizations strategy. in particular, you will learn how non-financial and financial information is created, organized, and communicated to help managers make strategic decisions, as well as measure strategic success. this course also provides an introduction to accounting as a control function inside the organization, which helps influence the alignment of managers and employees decisions with organizational goals. you will learn about different types of controls, including process controls, budgets, and performance measurement and evaluation tools and techniques. upon successful completion of this course, you will be able to:  create and communicate accounting information that facilitates strategic decisions.  use accounting information to develop, implement, and improve organizational strategy.  implement controls that align managers and employees decisions with organizational goals.  measure and evaluate manager and employee performance to control and motivate operational and strategic decision-making. if you enjoy this business course and are interested in an mba, consider applying to the imba, a flexible, fully-accredited online mba at an incredibly competitive price offered by the university of illinois. for more information, please see the resource page in this course and onlinemba.illinois.edu.  null null"
mooc	course		business english: networking	"null this course begins with a welcome message and an overview of the specialization. after this introduction, you will be asked to take a proficiency test to see if this course is right for you. during the course, you will begin learning vocabulary and customs related to socializing and networking in english. the goal is to enable you to interact with business contacts in person, on the phone and over email in a professional way. course learning objectives  determine whether the objectives of this specialization align with your learning goals  evaluate your current level of proficiency in business english communication  present relevant information about yourself in a discussion forum  develop your networking skills  write short emails with appropriate formatting  recognize and produce formal and informal language in emails  develop vocabulary related to jobs and companies introduction to business english communication . introductions . emails . meeting arrangements on the telephone . meeting arrangements (email) null null"
mooc	course		business english: planning &amp; negotiating	"null in this course, the context is hosting an event and finding an appropriate venue for it. you will learn language and strategies for successful negotiations culminating in a written announcement for an event. course learning objectives  negotiate strategically in formal and informal settings  identify and resolve customer issues after a negotiation has taken place  evaluate and compare services and features of two venues  plan a business event using negotiation skills  write an announcement for a business event after selecting a venue week 1: exchanging information . week 2: negotiating . week 3: handling problems . week 4: planning and announcing events null null"
mooc	course		career total fitness annual retreat	"null in the business world, modern organizations conduct corporate retreats on a regular basis to consider their strategic direction, review progress, and set up goals and objectives for the year. in this course you will use the same approach to organize, strategize, re-energize, and re-invigorate your career building activities. the final capstone project is designed as an annual retreat aimed at facilitating your ability to step back from day-to-day demands and strategically focus on gaining a competitive edge on the job market by investigating new opportunities for career growth, conducting a thorough audit of your skill-building and self-marketing strategies, and developing new ways to enhance and showcase your marketable skills. the capstone project will allow you to integrate concepts and tools from the entire career brand management specialization to effectively manage your career brand and increase personal effectiveness. some unique program highlights:  the capstone project is designed as a virtual training and development facility where you will engage in career investigation research, self-audit, and creating evidence-based portfolios, professional development plans, self-marketing and personal branding strategies, presentations, and public profiles;  youll be actively working with your cohort (study group members) to review their work and receive peer feedback;  you may also use the capstone as a career fitness gym and work independently on a project where you will share your results with others and receive peer feedback. examples of these projects include but are not limited to developing a self-marketing plan, creating a new digital artifact, developing communication strategy, working on a job application, creating a selection criteria statement, and looking for best practices and self-assessment tools;  it is completely self-paced; you may want to either do it as a 4-week course, or focus and complete in just 3-4 days. overall, the capstone project will help you organize yourself, fine tune your self-management information system, provide a framework for strategic self-management, and serve as an effective self-coaching support system. in the end, you will be well positioned to succeed in the marketplace as the ceo of your own career!  null null"
mooc	course		child nutrition and cooking	"null eating patterns that begin in childhood affect health and well-being across the lifespan. the culture of eating has changed significantly in recent decades, especially in parts of the world where processed foods dominate our dietary intake. this course examines contemporary child nutrition and the impact of the individual decisions made by each family. the health risks associated with obesity in childhood are also discussed. participants will learn what constitutes a healthy diet for children and adults and how to prepare simple, delicious foods aimed at inspiring a lifelong celebration of easy home-cooked meals. this course will help prepare participants to be the leading health providers, teachers and parents of the present and future.the text and other material in this course may include the opinion of the specific instructor and are not statements of advice, endorsement, opinion, or information of stanford university. why home cooking matters . what constitutes a balanced meal? . from supermarket to dinner table to school . sustainable eating . labels, allergies and taste null null"
mooc	course		u101: understanding college and college life	"null college can be confusing and intimidating, but u101 can help. if you were just admitted to college and are nervous about what the next step in life might look like, this course is for you. if you are the parent of a newly admitted college student and curious about what college life is like, this course is also for you. while your specific college will, no doubt, provide additional orientation material, we wanted to give some basic information about what life might be like at a large american university. you might be years away from college or enrolled right now; either way, u101 has some excellent advice from college students, professors, administrators, and staff. at the conclusion of the course, learners should: 1. understand the basics of how colleges and universities operate. 2. identify and describe what faculty are looking for in college-level academic work. 3. list some effective study strategies. 4. identify some strategies for exploring and selecting a major. 5. identify the various types of grants and scholarships available and describe the steps involved in applying to these. 6. discuss the college life, with special attention to the benefits/limitations of living on or off campus. 7. identify some strategies for getting the most out of campus life activities (investigating student clubs, fraternities, sororities, etc.). the course is divided into 4 weeks/8 lessons, which provide an overview of the different aspects of college life. if you were just watching the videos and looking at some of the links, the whole course would take about 4-5 hours. week 1 lesson 1. welcome to u101! lesson 2. understanding the nature of college week 2 lesson 3. succeeding as a student lesson 4. building your major week 3 lesson 5. financing your education lesson 6. living on and off campus week 4 lesson 7. getting involved in campus life lesson 8. conclusion please join us for a short exploration of modern american colleges. hopefully, this course can help demystify your upcoming college experience. welcome to u101! . understanding the nature of college . succeeding as a student . building your education . financing your education . living on and off campus . getting involved in campus life . conclusion null null"
mooc	course		financial evaluation and strategy: corporate finance	"null learn how to use key finance principles to understand and measure business success and to identify and promote true value creation. this course is part of the imba offered by the university of illinois, a flexible, fully-accredited online mba at an incredibly competitive price. for more information, please see the resource page in this course and onlinemba.illinois.edu. course overview . module 1: the objective of the corporation and analysis of financial ratios . module 2: financial planning . module 3: making investment decisions . module 4: mergers and acquisitions, risk, and performance evaluation . course conclusion null null"
mooc	course		corporate strategy	"null in this course you will learn how organizations create, capture, and maintain value, and how it is fundamental for sustainable competitive advantage. you will be able to better understand economic value creation and value appropriation, and learn the tools to analyze both competition and cooperation from a corporate level perspective, (e.g., through vertical integration, diversification, and geographic scope decisions). you will:  understand how corporations create, capture, and sustain competitive advantage.  analyze business situations and create a coherent corporate strategy.  understand the fit between corporate strategy and organization structure to improve economic performance. this course is part of the imba offered by the university of illinois, a flexible, fully-accredited online mba at an incredibly competitive price. for more information, please see the resource page in this course and onlinemba.illinois.edu. course orientation . module 1: vertical integration and diversification . module 2: global strategy . module 3: strategy and structure . module 4: corporate governance null null"
mooc	course		cryptography i	"null cryptography is an indispensable tool for protecting information in computer systems. in this course you will learn the inner workings of cryptographic systems and how to correctly use them in real-world applications. the course begins with a detailed discussion of how two parties who have a shared secret key can communicate securely when a powerful adversary eavesdrops and tampers with traffic. we will examine many deployed protocols and analyze mistakes in existing systems. the second half of the course discusses public-key techniques that let two parties generate a shared secret key. throughout the course participants will be exposed to many exciting open problems in the field and work on fun (optional) programming projects. in a second course (crypto ii) we will cover more advanced cryptographic tasks such as zero-knowledge, privacy mechanisms, and other forms of encryption. course overview and stream ciphers . block ciphers . message integrity . authenticated encryption . basic key exchange . public-key encryption . final exam null null"
mooc	course		cybersecurity and its ten domains	"null this course is designed to introduce students, working professionals and the community to the exciting field of cybersecurity. throughout the mooc, participants will engage in community discourse and online interaction. participants will gain knowledge and understanding of cybersecurity and its domains. they will engage with expertly produced videos, gain insight from industry experts, participate in knowledge assessments, practice assessing their environmental awareness, and gain access to materials that address governance and risk management, compliance, business continuity and disaster recovery, cryptography, software development security, access control, network security, security architecture, security operations, and physical and environmental security. learning will be assessed using strategies aligned to knowledge and understanding. you do not need prior experience in it security to do well in this course. all you need is a willingness to learn. we will point you to relevant open and free resources to assist you. at the end of this course, you will have the option of applying for undergraduate level course credit at kennesaw state university (dependent on admission to kennesaw state university as a degree seeking or a non-degree seeking student). more information is available in final module receive course (undergraduate) credit at kennesaw state university. welcome and course overview . introduction to security, access control, and software development security . business continuity and disaster recovery planning and cryptography . information security governance and risk management &amp; legal, regulations, investigations, and compliance . operations security &amp; physical and environmental security . security architecture and design &amp; telecommunications and network security . receive undergraduate course credit at kennesaw state university null null"
mooc	course		effectively delivering the news to your audience	"null being a successful journalist is more than hunting down information. how journalists process the information, then put it together, are key steps for news reports. you will learn the process, planning, requirements of how journalists develop their news reports. there are many ways to report news reports, and you will learn different forms of how to perform reporting and writing to serve different audiences. this course also explains the different formats within journalism, beyond the written word and how they are best utilized. welcome to course 3! . earning and keeping trust . preparing your news report . more than words . keeping the news conversation going null null"
mooc	course		design principles: an introduction	"null what makes an interface intuitive? how can i tell whether one design works better than another? this course will teach you fundamental principles of design and how to effectively evaluate your work with users. youll learn fundamental principles of visual design so that you can effectively organize and present information with your interfaces. youll learn principles of perception and cognition that inform effective interaction design. and youll learn how to perform and analyze controlled experiments online. in many cases, well use web design as the anchoring domain. a lot of the examples will come from the web, and well talk just a bit about web technologies in particular. when we do so, it will be to support the main goal of this course, which is helping you build human-centered design skills, so that you have the principles and methods to create excellent interfaces with any technology. welcome and course overview . direct manipulation and representations . visual design and information design . designing experiments null null"
mooc	course		designing cities	"null each module in designing cities will focus on a different aspect of city design including: how todays city evolved; the ideas that shape cities; tools for designing cities; making cities sustainable; cities in the information age; preserving older cities; designing new cities, districts and neighborhoods; the challenges of informal cities and disadvantaged neighborhoods; and visionary cities. materials will be presented by the instructors and guest faculty from penndesign through a series of five or more lessons per module, each typically 10-12 minutes long. the first lesson in each module will be a roundtable discussion among professors stefan al, jonathan barnett, and gary hack introducing the big issues associated with the subject. each succeeding module will be a self-contained illustrated presentation of a set of ideas and images. there will be a list of suggested readings for those who wish to follow up on the ideas in each module. everyone enrolled in designing cities will be expected to complete 3 assignments. these will be posted on the course site and they will be in the form of peer assessments. there will be a great deal to be learned from the ideas participants submit, reflecting cities of all sizes and circumstances across the globe so once you submit your assignment, youll be able to see what your peers have done. how todays city evolved . ideas that shape cities . tools for designing cities . making cities sustainable . cities in the information age . preserving older cities . designing new cities, districts and neighborhoods . the challenges of informal cities and disadvantaged neighborhoods . visionary cities . concluding comments null null"
mooc	course		designing the organization: from strategy to organizational structure	"null in this course you will understand how firms are organized, what factors must be taken into account in making critical design decisions, and what role managers play in making these choices. in order to answer these questions, we will first develop a conceptual process model that links business models, external and internal contingencies, and organizational design. second, we will focus on the fundamental principles of organization design and what alternative design choices are available for managers. finally, we will apply these concepts and ideas to organizational situations to develop the critical insights and decision making skills to build effective organizations. learners:  will understand how managers create value through their organizations  will have a good understanding of the fundamental principles and factors important to organizational design  will be able to design the coordination, control, and performance measurement systems to manage an organization. this course is part of the imba offered by the university of illinois, a flexible, fully-accredited online mba at an incredibly competitive price. for more information, please see the resource page in this course and onlinemba.illinois.edu. course orientation . module 1: corporate governance and the role of managers in value creation . module 2: environment of organizations: external and internal contingencies . module 3: organization design  differentiation . module 4: elements of organization design  integration null null"
mooc	course		calculus: single variable part 2 - differentiation	"null calculus is one of the grandest achievements of human thought, explaining everything from planetary orbits to the optimal size of a city to the periodicity of a heartbeat. this brisk course covers the core ideas of single-variable calculus with emphases on conceptual understanding and applications. the course is ideal for students beginning in the engineering, physical, and social sciences. distinguishing features of the course include: 1) the introduction and use of taylor series and approximations from the beginning; 2) a novel synthesis of discrete and continuous forms of calculus; 3) an emphasis on the conceptual over the computational; and 4) a clear, dynamic, unified approach. in this second part--part two of five--we cover derivatives, differentiation rules, linearization, higher derivatives, optimization, differentials, and differentiation operators. a new look at differentiation . putting derivatives to work . differentials and operators null null"
mooc	course		digital marketing capstone	"null the capstone is the culminating project in the digital marketing specialization. the corporate partner for the specialization is w.w. grainger(http://www.grainger.com/) . they are the largest supplier of maintenance, repair and operations (mro) products. millions of businesses and institutions worldwide rely on grainger for pumps, motors, hand tools, janitorial supplies, fasteners and much more. in 2014, they had sales of us dollar 9.96 billion, and e-commerce accounts for about 35-40% of sales. they are the number 13 retailer in terms on e-commerce sales in the top 500 list for us and canada. you will be working on a problem specified by the digital marketing team at grainger, to develop a channel strategy to increase sales of bosch power tools on grainger.com. you will have the opportunity to combine the tools and techniques obtained through all the courses in this specialization (marketing in a digital world, digital analytics for marketing professionals, and digital marketing channels) and apply them to a real business problem. the capstone project will be 6 weeks long. you must take the capstone project class after taking all the other courses in this specialization. this course is part of the imba offered by the university of illinois, a flexible, fully-accredited online mba at an incredibly competitive price. for more information, please see the resource page in this course and onlinemba.illinois.edu.  null null"
mooc	course		calculus: single variable part 5 - discrete calculus	"null calculus is one of the grandest achievements of human thought, explaining everything from planetary orbits to the optimal size of a city to the periodicity of a heartbeat. this brisk course covers the core ideas of single-variable calculus with emphases on conceptual understanding and applications. the course is ideal for students beginning in the engineering, physical, and social sciences. distinguishing features of the course include: 1) the introduction and use of taylor series and approximations from the beginning; 2) a novel synthesis of discrete and continuous forms of calculus; 3) an emphasis on the conceptual over the computational; and 4) a clear, dynamic, unified approach. in this fifth part--part five of five--we cover a calculus for sequences, numerical methods, series and convergence tests, power and taylor series, and conclude the course with a final exam. learners in this course can earn a certificate in the series by signing up for courseras verified certificate program and passing the series final exam. a calculus for sequences . introduction to numerical methods . series and convergence tests . power and taylor series . concluding single variable calculus null null"
mooc	course		engineering systems in motion: dynamics of particles and bodies in 2d motion	"null this course is an introduction to the study of bodies in motion as applied to engineering systems and structures. we will study the dynamics of particle motion and bodies in rigid planar (2d) motion. this will consist of both the kinematics and kinetics of motion. kinematics deals with the geometrical aspects of motion describing position, velocity, and acceleration, all as a function of time. kinetics is the study of forces acting on these bodies and how it affects their motion. --------------------------- recommended background: to be successful in the course you will need to have mastered basic engineering mechanics concepts and to have successfully completed my courses en titled an introduction to engineering mechanics and applications in engineering mechanics. we will apply many of the engineering fundamentals learned in those classes and you will need those skills before attempting this course. --------------------------- suggested readings: while no specific textbook is required, this course is designed to be compatible with any standard engineering dynamics textbook. you will find a book like this useful as a reference and for completing additional practice problems to enhance your learning of the material. --------------------------- the copyright of all content and materials in this course are owned by either the georgia tech research corporation or dr. wayne whiteman. by participating in the course or using the content or materials, whether in whole or in part, you agree that you may download and use any content and/or material in this course for your own personal, non-commercial use only in a manner consistent with a student of any academic course. any other use of the content and materials, including use by other academic universities or entities, is prohibited without express written permission of the georgia tech research corporation. interested parties may contact dr. wayne whiteman directly for information regarding the procedure to obtain a non-exclusive license. course introduction; particle kinematics; particle kinetics  newtons laws and eulers laws; motion of particles and mass centers of bodies . work-energy principle for particles/systems of particles . planar (2d) rigid body kinematics i . planar (2d) rigid body kinematics ii . planar (2d) rigid body kinetics i . planar (2d) rigid body kinetics ii . planar (2d) rigid body kinetics iii null null"
mooc	course		the dynamic earth: a course for educators	"null the amnh course the dynamic earth: a course for educators provides students with an overview of the origin and evolution of the earth. informed by the recently released next generation science standards, this course examines geological time scales, radiometric dating, and how scientists read the rocks. we will explore dramatic changes in the earth over the last 4 billion years, including how the evolution of life on earth has affected its atmosphere. in addition to looking at geology on a global scale, participants will take to their own backyards to explore and share their local geologic history. course participants will bring their understanding of the dynamic earth - along with content resources, discussion questions, and assignments - into their own teaching. introduction &amp; the mystery of geologic time . evolution of the atmosphere . plate tectonics: mountain building . plate tectonics: earthquakes null null"
mooc	course		ebola: essential knowledge for health professionals	"null march 2014 marked the starting point of the largest outbreak of ebola virus disease in history. although the disease seems to be on a decrease, we are not there yet and new outbreaks will surely emerge. new efforts to combat the outbreak are necessary. this is why we developed this online course about ebola, targeted at health professionals across the world. in this course you will cover the fundamental knowledge any health professional should have with expected or confirmed cases or a general interest in the ebola disease. you will discuss the epidemiology of the disease, its pathophysiology and transmission, the clinical presentation including differential diagnosis and confirmation of disease. you will also discuss the general therapeutic approach to the care of ebola suspected or confirmed patients and discuss the novel vaccine and drug developments. as the ebola crisis continues to rage through the affected areas, we need health professionals like yourself to be informed and involved. this course is developed in collaboration with colleagues at the university of amsterdam, the university medical center utrecht (julius center/julius global health), elevate health, mdecins sans frontires and the lion heart foundation. about the course . epidemiology . transmission and natural reservoirs . pathophysiology . clinical presentation, differential diagnosis, diagnosis . therapeutic approaches . ebola in the field: the mdecins sans frontires experience . ebola in the field: confronted with ebola in an existing hospital of the lion heart foundation in sierra leone . final assignment and survey null null"
mooc	course		economic growth and distributive justice part i -the role of the state	"null if you really care about the big questions in the economies and societies of the 21st century, such as distributive justice - namely, inequality of income or wealth, and its correlation with economic growth - this course is meant for you. the knowledge you will gain can truly change your outlook on our world. economic growth and distributive justice - the role of the state is the first part of a two part course and it includes the following four lectures: (1) what do we need a state for? (2) the relationship between efficiency and distributive justice (3) demonstrating the implications of different ethical theories (4) distributive justice: measurement and implications once youve completed the first part, we strongly recommend that you register for the second part entitled: economic growth and distributive justice - maximizing social well-being, as well. taking both parts of the course would enable you to obtain a fuller and more comprehensive knowledge about economic growth and distributed justice. the course is founded upon the elemental idea that the role of the state is to maximize the well-being - or simply the happiness - of its residents. in 9 fascinating, edifying lessons, using only simple words and decoding professional terminologies that sometimes baffle the intelligent layman, the course expounds many truths  both intuitive and unintuitive. often using examples from the us and europe, it does not however focus on policies in any particular region of the world, and is directly applicable to all countries around the globe. the course touches upon the essence of important concepts like efficiency and equity, inequality and poverty, gross domestic product, tax evasion and tax planning; it presents the work of nobel laureate james mirrlees and his followers - promoting a coherent system that integrates tax and government expenditures to maximize social welfare; and illuminates a range of high-profile issues from their economic angle:  climate change: the atmosphere and oceans as public goods, and how smart (pigovian) taxation can be used to combat the rapidly increasing threats to our planet;  technology as the engine of economic growth;  taxing the rich: how can we mitigate the growing inequality problem? should we impose a global tax on capital? the curriculum includes interviews with major figures in the fields of law and of economics: harvards elhanan helpman, dan shaviro from nyu and richard epstein from the university of chicago and nyu. after successfully completing this course, you can expect to be able to:  better understand economic issues presented in the media  form an informed opinion on the strengths and weaknesses of presented social economic policies  define and measure inequality and poverty  define the connection between inequality (income, wealth) and economic growth  explain the foundations of economic growth  design a tax and transfer system to maximize the happiness of individuals all these will allow you to better understand the policies being developed around you, and to play a larger, more informed role in their development, as a conscientious citizen. what do we need a state for? . the relationship between efficiency and distributive justice . demonstrating implications of different ethical theories . distributive justice: measurement and implications null null"
mooc	course		economic growth and distributive justice part ii - maximize social wellbeing	"null if you really care about the big questions in the economies and societies of the 21st century, such as distributive justice - namely, inequality of income or wealth, and its correlation with economic growth - this course is meant for you. the knowledge you will gain can truly change your outlook on our world. economic growth and distributive justice - maximizing social wellbeing is the second part of a two part course and it includes the following five lectures: (1) the excess burden of taxation (2) tax incidence: who bears the economic burden of tax? (3) progressivity: definition and ways to achieve (4) low income, low ability and the optimal income tax model (5) designing the tax and transfer system that maximizes social wellbeing if you havent done that already, we strongly recommend that you register for the first part of the course: economic growth and distributive justice - the role of the state. taking both parts of the course would enable you to obtain a fuller and more comprehensive knowledge about economic growth and distributed justice. the course is founded upon the elemental idea that the role of the state is to maximize the well-being - or simply the happiness - of its residents. in 9 fascinating, edifying lessons, using only simple words and decoding professional terminologies that sometimes baffle the intelligent layman, the course expounds many truths  both intuitive and unintuitive. often using examples from the us and europe, it does not however focus on policies in any particular region of the world, and is directly applicable to all countries around the globe. the course touches upon the essence of important concepts like efficiency and equity, inequality and poverty, gross domestic product, tax evasion and tax planning; it presents the work of nobel laureate james mirrlees and his followers - promoting a coherent system that integrates tax and government expenditures to maximize social welfare; and illuminates a range of high-profile issues from their economic angle:  climate change: the atmosphere and oceans as public goods, and how smart (pigovian) taxation can be used to combat the rapidly increasing threats to our planet;  technology as the engine of economic growth;  taxing the rich: how can we mitigate the growing inequality problem? should we impose a global tax on capital? the curriculum includes interviews with major figures in the fields of law and of economics: harvards elhanan helpman, dan shaviro from nyu and richard epstein from the university of chicago and nyu. after successfully completing this course, you can expect to be able to:  better understand economic issues presented in the media  form an informed opinion on the strengths and weaknesses of presented social economic policies  define and measure inequality and poverty  define the connection between inequality (income, wealth) and economic growth  explain the foundations of economic growth  design a tax and transfer system to maximize the happiness of individuals all these will allow you to better understand the policies being developed around you, and to play a larger, more informed role in their development, as a conscientious citizen. the excess burden of taxation . tax incidence: who bears the economic burden of a tax? . progressivity: definition and ways to achieve . low income, low ability and the optimal income tax model . designing the tax and transfer system that maximizes social wellbeing null null"
mooc	course		establishing a professional self through effective intercultural communication	"null in the course establishing a professional self through effective intercultural communication, you will learn how to communicate effectively to establish relationships with colleagues in a culturally and linguistically diverse community and workplace. as language reflects cultures, we begin the course by highlighting the need to take into considerations cultural values when we communicate in a multicultural community and workplace. we then move on to discuss some effective communication skills required to build relationships with colleagues in a globalised workplace. you will learn to adopt appropriate intrapersonal and interpersonal, verbal and nonverbal, communicative strategies to present information based on the 7 communication principles. finally, you will learn to build your personal profile and appropriately align yourself in a globalised workplace. introduction to specialisation and course . establish work relationships . effective communication . personal profile null null"
mooc	course		e-learning ecologies: innovative approaches to teaching and learning for the digital age	"null for three decades and longer we have heard educators and technologists making a case for the transformative power of technology in learning. however, despite the rhetoric, in many ways and at most institutional sites, education is still relatively untouched by technology. even when technologies are introduced, the changes sometimes seem insignificant and the results seem disappointing. if the print textbook is replaced by an e-book, do the social relations of knowledge and learning necessarily change at all or for the better? if the pen-and-paper test is mechanized, does this change the nature of our assessment systems? technology, in other words, need not necessarily bring significant change. technology might not even represent a step forward in education. but what might be new? how can we use technologies to innovate in education? this course explores seven affordances of e-learning ecologies, which open up genuine possibilities for what we call new learning  transformative, 21st century learning: 1. ubiquitous learning 2. active knowledge making 3. multimodal meaning 4. recursive feedback 5. collaborative intelligence 6. metacognition 7. differentiated learning these affordances, if recognized and harnessed, will prepare learners for success in a world that is increasingly dominated by digital information flows and tools for communication in the workplace, public spaces, and personal life. this course offers a wide variety of examples of learning technologies and technology implementations that, to varying degrees, demonstrate these affordances in action. -------------------------------- recommended background -------------------------------- this course is designed for people interested in the future of education and the learning society, including people who may wish to join education as a profession, practicing teachers interested in exploring future directions for a vocation that is currently undergoing transformation, and community and workplace leaders who regard their mission to be in part educative. -------------------------------- take this course for credit at the university of illinois -------------------------------- this course has the same content and anticipates the same level of contribution by students in the e-learning ecologies course offered to graduate certificate, masters, and doctoral level students in the college of education at the university of illinois. of course, in the nature of moocs many people will just want to view the videos and casually join some of the discussions. some people say that these limited kinds of participation offer evidence that moocs suffer from low retention rates. far from it  we say that any level of engagement is good engagement. on the other hand, if you would like to take this course for credit at the university of illinois, apply here: http://education.illinois.edu/online-offcampus/programs-degrees/ldl-online if you have already taken this course in coursera, you can prepare a portfolio of work created there and request that this work is taken into account for your university of illinois course. module 1: course orientation + ubiquitous learning . module 2: active knowledge making + multimodal meaning . module 3: recursive feedback + collaborative intelligence . module 4: metacogniton + differentiated learning null null"
mooc	course		ell success in the content classroom: capstone project	"null as teachers, it is so important to have a plethora of resources to draw upon for modification for specific students and classroom contexts. in this capstone project, you are tasked with applying the concepts learned throughout the specialization, to create your own toolbox designed with the ell in mind. in this two-part capstone, you will first create an annotated lesson plan comprising both formative and summative assessments. the lesson plan will include any modified materials for ells such as graphic organizers or writing frames pertinent to the lessons activities. the annotation will include a rationale for lesson elements based on information presented in lesson planning with the ell in mind and assessing achievement with the ell in mind. second, you will use your checklist of resources, personalized to your school and community, to create an engagement plan of action. this should include specific milestones for creating a more engaging environment for your students and their families. you will also include a rationale for elements of engagement based on information presented in engaging the ell and their families in the school and community. in this capstone, you will create a personalized toolbox for ell success in the content classroom. this toolbox will include: * annotated lesson plan - modified materials - formative and summative assessment - lesson plan and materials rationale * engagement action plan and rationale the materials created in this project should be immediately useful in your classroom. your capstone project should be tailored to your teaching context, content area, and students. by the end of this course, you will be able to: * design a lesson plan with attention to the needs of your ells * create appropriate modified materials to support your ells * create formative and summative assessments to measure both content mastery and language development as specified by your lesson plans learning and language objectives * rationalize your application of selected methodologies * create and implement an engagement action plan specified for your teaching context  null null"
mooc	course		emergent phenomena in science and everyday life	"null before the advent of quantum mechanics in the early 20th century, most scientists believed that it should be possible to predict the behavior of any object in the universe simply by understanding the behavior of its constituent parts. for instance, if one could write down the equations of motion for every atom in a system, it should be possible to solve those equations (with the aid of a sufficiently large computing device) and make accurate predictions about that systems future. however, there are some systems that defy this notion. consider a living cell, which consists mostly of carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen along with other trace elements. we can study these components individually without ever imagining how combining them in just the right way can lead to something as complex and wonderful as a living organism! thus, we can consider life to be an emergent property of what is essentially an accumulation of constituent parts that are somehow organized in a very precise way. this course lets you explore the concept of emergence using examples from materials science, mathematics, biology, physics, and neuroscience to illustrate how ordinary components when brought together can collectively yield unexpected, surprising behaviors. note: the fractal image (sierpinkski triangle) depicted on the course home page was generated by a software application called xaos 3.4, which is distributed by the free software foundation under a gnu general public license. welcome - lets get started . the mystery of foam . chaotic dynamics . pattern formation and systems biology . quantum coherence, many-body states, and quantum computing . consciousness null null"
mooc	course		content strategy for professionals: engaging audiences	"null in this course, professionals at all levels of an organization will learn the best ways to engage an audience they want and need by smartly implementing their important, strategic stories and information and by using proven tools and techniques to enhance an audiences experiences and interest. content strategy is a conversation that provides thought-leadership. it starts a conversation with users and stakeholders inside and outside an organization. conversations are the natural way people think about complex issues. conversations also enable people to develop stories, which lead to understanding and helpful mental pictures. content strategy practitioners are at all levels of the best enterprises  in all departments and sectors from the top leader to the newcomer in the ranks. in this complex information age, forward-thinking employees know that if they and their organizations are to thrive, they need to go beyond their job descriptions. they must master the most demanding communications frontier  creating engaging, strategic, honest stories and information that is valued by their most important audiences. in turn that will make their enterprise stand out. regardless of their area of work, position or expertise, content strategy practitioners know how to use words, pictures, video, and social and mobile media to interact with their most important constituents with trustable, actionable information that the audience values and will use. the strategic content they produce enhances the users lives and deepens their understanding and engagement with the organization. guest lecturers in this course include: -- rachel davis mersey, associate professor, medill, northwestern -- ed malthouse, theodore r. and annie laurie sills professor of integrated marketing communications, medill, northwestern -- bobby calder, charles h. kellstadt professor of marketing &amp; director of the center for cultural marketing, kellogg, northwestern -- steven duke, associate professor, medill, northwestern -- janice castro, assistant professor emerita, medill, nothwestern introduction to content strategy . audiences and brand . experiences and voice null null"
mooc	course		applications in engineering mechanics	"null this course applies principles learned in my course introduction to engineering mechanics to analyze real world engineering structures. you will need to have mastered the engineering fundamentals from that class in order to be successful in this course offering. this course addresses the modeling and analysis of static equilibrium problems with an emphasis on real world engineering systems and problem solving. --------------------------- recommended background: you will need to have successfully completed my earlier course introduction to engineering mechanics in order to be successful in this course. --------------------------- the copyright of all content and materials in this course are owned by either the georgia tech research corporation or dr. wayne whiteman. by participating in the course or using the content or materials, whether in whole or in part, you agree that you may download and use any content and/or material in this course for your own personal, non-commercial use only in a manner consistent with a student of any academic course. any other use of the content and materials, including use by other academic universities or entities, is prohibited without express written permission of the georgia tech research corporation. interested parties may contact dr. wayne whiteman directly for information regarding the procedure to obtain a non-exclusive license. applications of the equations of static equilibrium to interacting bodies or parts of a structure; systems containing multi-force members; frames and machines . plane trusses . space trusses; shear force and bending moment diagrams . cable support systems . coulomb friction and belt friction null null"
mooc	course		introduction to engineering mechanics	"null this course is an introduction to learning and applying the principles required to solve engineering mechanics problems. concepts will be applied in this course from previous courses you have taken in basic math and physics. the course addresses the modeling and analysis of static equilibrium problems with an emphasis on real world engineering applications and problem solving. the copyright of all content and materials in this course are owned by either the georgia tech research corporation or dr. wayne whiteman. by participating in the course or using the content or materials, whether in whole or in part, you agree that you may download and use any content and/or material in this course for your own personal, non-commercial use only in a manner consistent with a student of any academic course. any other use of the content and materials, including use by other academic universities or entities, is prohibited without express written permission of the georgia tech research corporation. interested parties may contact dr. wayne whiteman directly for information regarding the procedure to obtain a non-exclusive license. forces and particle equilibrium . define and calculate moments . equilibrium and equivalence of force systems . free body diagrams and equilibrium analysis techniques . application of static equilibrium equations null null"
mooc	course		teach english now! foundational principles	"null through a series of engaging metaphors and stories, prospective and current efl/esl teachers will identify, summarize, and evaluate 7 basic language learning paradigms. learners will be presented information on such foundational principles as motivation, risk taking, two different modes of learning, and balancing the teacher profession. learners are also given an understanding of basic techniques founded on those principles, such as teacher talk, looking ridiculous in order to lower the affective filter, and networking. with these foundational principles in mind, esl/efl teachers will scrutinize common assumptions about language learning by comparing how they stack up to research-based core principles. module 1: making meaning clear . module 2: modes of learning and interaction . module 3: taking risks and learner strategies . module 4: the flipped model of language learning . module 5: avoiding teacher burnout . module 6: assessment null null"
mooc	course		beyond silicon valley: growing entrepreneurship in transitioning economies	"null the path for entrepreneurs to grow their companies outside of well-developed entrepreneurial ecosystems like silicon valley is challenging. most markets around the world do not look like silicon valley, and they never will. but there are other models to support new businesses. in transitioning markets (where entrepreneurs do not have much access to private sector financing), government officials, donors, and business leaders are experimenting with creative approaches to support the growth of entrepreneurs. northeast ohio, whose largest city is cleveland, is one such community. during our time together in this course, we will be exploring some of these innovative approaches. a massive intervention of government and donor resources in northeast ohio has been in place for over ten years. in that time, northeast ohio has experienced success (including job creation and follow-on funding) with alternative methods of financing startups, but it has not been easy. yes, some progress has been made, but whether or not theyve hit on ultimate success has yet to be determined. a dynamic entrepreneurial ecosystem takes many years, even decades, to develop. government officials and donors typically are looking for shorter term success with their support programs which makes long-term support for entrepreneurship challenging. during this course, we will hear from entrepreneurs who have launched products and services ranging from medical devices to led lights to whiskey. you will learn how these entrepreneurs engaged with resources made available to them through a variety of programs and intermediary organizations. we have chosen to talk with many business people that are still in the process of developing their companies and whose ultimate success or failure is still to be determined. in addition to learning about clevelands attempts to support entrepreneurship, you will also be hearing in the lectures from leaders in selected markets around the world including greece, vietnam, tunisia, argentina, rwanda and china about how they are working to support the growth of start-up companies. one of our goals is to learn from you how different communities around the world are approaching implementing strategies and methods to support businesses. taking what weve learned from our examples in class, i will ask you to reflect on how to best grow entrepreneurship where you live. i am excited to use this global platform to create a dialogue where information flows in multiple directions. most moocs rebroadcast professors lectures, but this course will be different. dont expect to see me standing in front of the camera, talking and lecturing every module. instead, the lectures will be relatively short in length and will have more of the feel of an engaging documentary than a static classroom setting. course overview . the role of government . the role of philanthropy/donors . the role of intermediary organizations/ngos . leveraging anchor institutions . access to capital and mentoring . course wrap-up and looking ahead null null"
mooc	course		epidemiology: the basic science of public health	"null often called the cornerstone of public health, epidemiology is the study of the distribution and determinants of diseases, health conditions, or events among populations and the application of that study to control health problems. by applying the concepts learned in this course to current public health problems and issues, students will understand the practice of epidemiology as it relates to real life and makes for a better appreciation of public health programs and policies. this course explores public health issues like cardiovascular and infectious diseases  both locally and globally  through the lens of epidemiology. course introduction, history of epidemiology and epidemiology research . understanding measures of disease frequency . study designs . measures of association . causality . course conclusion null null"
mooc	course		epigenetic control of gene expression	"null while the human genome sequence has transformed our understanding of human biology, it isnt just the sequence of your dna that matters, but also how you use it! how are some genes activated and others are silenced? how is this controlled? the answer is epigenetics. epigenetics has been a hot topic for research over the past decade as it has become clear that aberrant epigenetic control contributes to disease (particularly to cancer). epigenetic alterations are heritable through cell division, and in some instances are able to behave similarly to mutations in terms of their stability. importantly, unlike genetic mutations, epigenetic modifications are reversible and therefore have the potential to be manipulated therapeutically. it has also become clear in recent years that epigenetic modifications are sensitive to the environment (for example diet), which has sparked a large amount of public debate and research. this course will give an introduction to the fundamentals of epigenetic control. we will examine epigenetic phenomena that are manifestations of epigenetic control in several organisms, with a focus on mammals. we will examine the interplay between epigenetic control and the environment and finally the role of aberrant epigenetic control in disease. all necessary information will be covered in the lectures, and recommended and required readings will be provided. there are no additional required texts for this course. for those interested, additional information can be obtained in the following textbook. epigenetics. allis, jenuwein, reinberg and caparros. cold spring harbour laboratory press. isbn-13: 978-0879697242 | edition: 1 week 1 - introduction to epigenetic control . week 2 - epigenetic modifications and organisation of the nucleus . week 3 - dosage compensation . week 4 - genomic imprinting and epigenetic reprogramming . week 5 - the influence of the environment on epigenetic control . week 6 - mechanisms of environmental influence on epigenetic control and transgenerational epigenetic inheritance through the gametes . week 7 - cancer epigenetics null null"
mooc	course		build your professional eportfolio in english	"null roughly half of the worlds population is already online and so setting yourself apart from the crowd is more important than ever before. one of the best ways to do that is by creating your own eportfolio. an eportfolio is a site that showcases or shows your background, your resume, and samples of your work. in this course, you will learn step by step how to build the site and youll learn the grammar, vocabulary and writing skills needed to create it. you will learn how to apply information from your eportfolio to other online tools like linkedin, twitter, instagram and youtube in order to network with others so that you get a job or connect with other professionals. for each step in that process, you will listen to lectures, take comprehension quizzes, and learn how to use english appropriately to each part of your site. you will also complete self and peer assessments and gain the needed skills to make your eportfolio a reality and establish yourself online. by the end of this course, you will be able to  write a proper headline or title for your eportfolio  describe your work in 1 sentence and in longer forms  identify how to use hashtags effectively  write an effective summary about yourself and your work  apply appropriate vocabulary to write your education and professional experience for your resume  understand how to write a tweet to get a job  discover how to write specific comments and network work with others  apply what you have on your portfolio to other tools like instagram, twitter, linkedin or youtube. start building your brand . showcase your work . complete the main parts of your resume . network with other professionals null null"
mooc	course		applications of everyday leadership	"null this course covers the following topics: negotiation, feedback and coaching, conflict management, and leading change. the objectives are to learn how to use leadership skills to work more effectively with others, how to use leadership skills to organize others to work more effectively together, and to apply the foundations of effective leadership skills to everyday situations faced by leaders. learners:  will be able to negotiate effectively and influence others  provide feedback and coaching that is appropriate and influential  will be able to manage conflict and lead change this course is part of the imba offered by the university of illinois, a flexible, fully-accredited online mba at an incredibly competitive price. for more information, please see the resource page in this course and onlinemba.illinois.edu. course orientation . module 1 negotiation . module 2: performance management . module 3: conflict management . module 4: leading organizational change null null"
mooc	course		foundations of everyday leadership	"null in this course you will learn about the head and heart of everyday leadership, individual decision making, group decision making, and managing motivation. the objectives are to understand why and how leadership skills are so critical to organizational success, and learn the foundations of effective leadership skills. learners:  understand why and how leadership skills are so critical to organizational success  know how to use leadership skills to work more effectively with others, and are able to organize teams to work more effectively together  will be able to apply the foundations of effective leadership skills to everyday situations faced by leaders. this course is part of the imba offered by the university of illinois, a flexible, fully-accredited online mba at an incredibly competitive price. for more information, please see the resource page in this course and onlinemba.illinois.edu. course orientation . module 1: head and heart of everyday leadership . module 2: individual decision making . module 3: group decision making . module 4: managing motivation null null"
mooc	course		finance for everyone: debt	"null in debt, we take on one of the most challenging financial questions that remains unresolved: how much to borrow? we start by demonstrating why using debt has always been and continues to be a great temptation, particularly when borrowing costs are historically low. we identify conditions for selecting the optimal amount of debt for a corporation looking to maximize its value. youll become fluent in related concepts like norms and benchmarks. you will explore these and other factors that influence debt for individuals and for public sector organizations -including governments, who are the largest consumers of debt. like pollution, debt creates systemic risks even for the people and organizations that dont create it. this course discusses the imperative of limiting and reducing debt and the costs to all of us if we dont. we build on case based learning giving you opportunities to interpret, uncover and acquire financial information that is often hidden or missing. we also summarize important threads from previous courses to give you a deep and cohesive understanding of when debt works for you and when it becomes your worst enemy.  null null"
mooc	course		accounting: making sound decisions	"null financial accounting is often called the language of business; it is the language that managers use to communicate the firms financial and economic information to external parties such as shareholders and creditors. nobody working in business can afford financial illiteracy. whether you run your own business, work as a manager or are just starting your career, you want to understand financial information and be able to interact with accountants, controllers, and financial managers. you want to talk business! this course will provide you with the accounting languages essentials. upon completion, you should be able to read and interpret financial statements for business diagnosis and decision-making. more importantly, you will possess the conceptual base to keep learning more sophisticated accounting and finance on your own. do not forget that, as with any other language, becoming proficient with accounting requires constant practice. course overview &amp; week 1: introduction to accounting - the balance sheet . week 2: the income statement . week 3: the cash flow statement . week 4: accrual accounting null null"
mooc	course		financial engineering and risk management part ii	"null financial engineering is a multidisciplinary field involving finance and economics, mathematics, statistics, engineering and computational methods. the emphasis of fe &amp; rm part ii will be on the use of simple stochastic models to (i) solve portfolio optimization problems (ii) price derivative securities in various asset classes including equities and credit and (iii) consider some advanced applications of financial engineering including algorithmic trading and the pricing of real options. we will also consider the role that financial engineering played during the financial crisis. we hope that students who complete the course and the prerequisite course (fe &amp; rm part i) will have a good understanding of the rocket science behind financial engineering. but perhaps more importantly, we hope they will also understand the limitations of this theory in practice and why financial models should always be treated with a healthy degree of skepticism. mean-variance analysis and capm . practical issues in implementing mean variance . equity derivatives in practice: part i . equity derivatives in practice: part ii . credit derivatives and structured products . other applications of financial engineering . background material null null"
mooc	course		understanding financial statements: company position	"null this course is designed to provide a basic understanding of financial statements with an emphasis on the balance sheet. however, to understand accounting driven financial statements, it is important to recognize that accounting is less about counting and more about measuring. what is it that is being measured? well, as the course unfolds, you will learn about the three measurement questions and how the balance sheet helps to answer the first two of these questions. by touring a real company and interviewing real business people, the course describes the basic content of financial statements in a simple yet relevant context. the goal of the course is to leave a lasting impression about what balance sheet consists of and what it reveals. the next course in the fundamentals of accounting specialization completes the conversation by addressing the remaining measurement question. upon successful completion of this course, you will be able to:  describe the purpose of a balance sheet.  define the three components of a balance sheet.  recognize and understand the meaning of several items typically presented on a balance sheet.  explain the broader purpose of financial statements and the role of accounting in producing the financial statements.  read and, to some extent, interpret real-world balance sheets. if you enjoy this business course and are interested in an mba, consider applying to the imba, a flexible, fully-accredited online mba at an incredibly competitive price offered by the university of illinois. for more information, please see the resource page in this course and onlinemba.illinois.edu. course orientation . module 1: what is accounting and why are financial reports important? . module 2: assets  what do you own? . module 3: liabilities  what do you owe? . module 4: equity and how the balance sheet fits together null null"
mooc	course		firm level economics: markets and allocations	"null in this class, we will derive equilibrium outcomes across a variety of market structures. we will begin by understanding equilibrium under a market structure called perfect competition, a benchmark construction. economists have tools to measure the efficiency of market outcomes. we next consider the polar extreme of a competitive market: a monopoly market. we will determine the monopoly equilibrium price and quantity and efficiency properties. much economic activity takes place in markets with just a handful of very large producers. to understand equilibrium in these oligopoly markets requires more careful attention to strategic interdependence. to capture this interdependence, we consider collusive arrangements among a small number of rivals as well as the use of simple game theoretic techniques to model equilibrium. market failure describes situations where markets fail to find the efficient outcome. information asymmetries are one fertile form of market failure. another form of market failure occurs when externalities are present. we will examine one key externality, pollution, and construct a policy prescription to mitigate the negative efficiency impacts of this externality. upon successful completion of this course, you will be able to:  explain how different market structures result in different resource allocations.  model the impact of external shocks to a particular market structure and demonstrate the new equilibrium price and quantity after the impact of this external shock has played out.  evaluate the efficiency of an equilibrium. different market structures produce different levels of efficiency.  explain when and why the government might intervene with regulatory authority or antitrust litigation to lessen inefficiencies in some markets.  describe how information problems can cause inefficient outcomes.  understand externalities and consider optimal government response to these market failures. this course is part of the imba offered by the university of illinois, a flexible, fully-accredited online mba at an incredibly competitive price. for more information, please see the resource page in this course and onlinemba.illinois.edu. course orientation . module 1: perfect competition . module 2: monopoly markets and efficiency . module 3: oligopoly and game theory . module 4: market failures null null"
mooc	course		firm level economics: consumer and producer behavior	"null all goods and services are subject to scarcity at some level. scarcity means that society must develop some allocation mechanism  rules to determine who gets what. over recorded history, these allocation rules were usually command based  the king or the emperor would decide. in contemporary times, most countries have turned to market based allocation systems. in markets, prices act as rationing devices, encouraging or discouraging production and encouraging or discouraging consumption in such a way as to find an equilibrium allocation of resources. we will construct demand curves to capture consumer behavior and supply curves to capture producer behavior. the resulting equilibrium price rations the scarce commodity. markets are frequent targets of government intervention. this intervention can be direct control of prices or it could be indirect price pressure through the imposition of taxes or subsidies. both forms of intervention are impacted by elasticity of demand. after this course, you will be able to:  describe consumer behavior as captured by the demand curve.  describe producer behavior as captured by the supply curve.  explain equilibrium in a market.  explain the impact of taxes and price controls on market equilibrium.  explain elasticity of demand.  describe cost theory and how firms optimize given the constraints of their own costs and an exogenously given price. this course is part of the imba offered by the university of illinois, a flexible, fully-accredited online mba at an incredibly competitive price. for more information, please see the resource page in this course and onlinemba.illinois.edu. course orientation . module 1: scarcity, allocation, and markets . module 2: government intervention in markets . module 3: firms, production, and costs . module 4: firm behavior null null"
mooc	course		fundamentals of fluid power	"null fluid power has the highest power density of all conventional power-transmission technologies. learn the benefits and limitations of fluid power, how to analyze fluid power components and circuits, and how to design and simulate fluid power circuits for applications. in this course, you will be introduced to the fundamental principles and analytical modeling of fluid power components, circuits, and systems. you will learn the benefits and limitations of fluid power compared with other power transmission technologies; the operation, use, and symbols of common hydraulic components; how to formulate and analyze models of hydraulic components and circuits; and how to design and predict the performance of fluid power circuits. this course is supported by the national science foundation engineering research center for compact and efficient fluid power, and is endorsed by the national fluid power association, the leading industry trade group in fluid power. week 1: fundamentals of fluid power . week 2: components and concepts: part 1 . week 3: components and concepts: part 2 . week 4: predicting performance through simulation . week 5: fluid properties . week 6: advanced components and systems and course summary null null"
mooc	course		gamification	"null gamification is the application of game elements and digital game design techniques to non-game problems, such as business and social impact challenges. this course will teach you the mechanisms of gamification, why it has such tremendous potential, and how to use it effectively. for additional information on the concepts described in the course, you can purchase professor werbachs book for the win: how game thinking can revolutionize your business in print or ebook format in several languages. gamification and games . deconstructing games . motivation and psychology . design . applications . gamification in perspective null null"
mooc	course		genetics and society: a course for educators	"null how have advances in genetics affected society? what do we need to know to make ethical decisions about genetic technologies? this course includes the study of cloning, genetic enhancement, and ownership of genetic information. course participants will acquire the tools to explore the ethics of modern genetics and learn how to integrate these issues into their classrooms. introduction and from mendel to 1000 genomes . dna fingerprinting, cloning, and the future . genomics in medicine . genomes, agriculture, and society null null"
mooc	course		"gis data formats, design and quality"	"null in this course, the second in the geographic information systems (gis) specialization, you will go in-depth with common data types (such as raster and vector data), structures, quality and storage during four week-long modules: week 1: learn about data models and formats, including a full understanding of vector data and raster concepts. you will also learn about the implications of a datas scale and how to load layers from web services. week 2: create a vector data model by using vector attribute tables, writing query strings, defining queries, and adding and calculating fields. youll also learn how to create new data through the process of digitizing and youll use the built-in editor tools in arcgis. week 3: learn about common data storage mechanisms within gis, including geodatabases and shapefiles. learn how to choose between them for your projects and how to optimize them for speed and size. youll also work with rasters for the first time, using digital elevation models and creating slope and distance analysis products. week 4: explore datasets and assess them for quality and uncertainty. you will also learn how to bring your maps and data to the internet and create web maps quickly with arcgis online. take gis data formats, design and quality as a standalone course or as part of the geographic information systems (gis) specialization. by completing the second class in the specialization you will gain the skills needed to succeed in the full program. course overview &amp; data models and formats . creating and working with vector data . storage formats and working with rasters . data quality and creating web maps null null"
mooc	course		the history of modern israel - from an idea to a state	"null how did the state of israel come to be? how is it that an idea, introduced in 19th century europe, became a reality? and how does that reality prevail in the harsh complexities of the middle east? presented by professor eyal naveh, with additional units from professor asher sussers the emergence of the modern middle east course, this course will take you on a journey through the history of modern israel. in this 1st part of the course we will explore: how did the 19th century idea of a jewish state become a reality? so the next time you hear about israel in the news, you will be informed enough about the history of this area to comprehend the many sides and narratives that interact to shape the complex reality of israel today. please also join us in the 2nd part of this course: challenges of israel as a sovereign state * this course uses media material from various archives, courtesy to yad vashem archive for their help. * this course is self-paced. once you register, you can participate in the course anytime, as often as you wish and over any stretch of time the emergence of zionism . the jewish community (yishuv) in palestine under british mandate, 1921-1939 . wwii, the holocaust, the end of the mandate and the establishment of israel null null"
mooc	course		"the holocaust - an introduction (i): nazi germany: ideology, the jews and the world"	"null the holocaust was an inconceivable historical event, which forever robbed western culture of its innocence. as civilized human beings, we fail to understand how events of such horror could have taken place, and how an idea so inhumanly warped could have spread like wildfire through an entire continent, instigating the systematic annihilation of millions of jews. this free online course was produced jointly by tel aviv university and yad vashem  the world center for holocaust research. the course tracks the history of the holocaust and has two parts. the holocaust - an introduction (i): nazi germany: ideology, the jews and the world is the first of the two courses and covers the following themes in its three weeks: week 1: from hatred to core ideology we will try to delve into nazi ideology and the special place of jews and judaism in it. we will also discuss how the national socialist party converted the german democracy of the weimar republic into a totalitarian regime within a short period of time, and its meaning for jews and non-jewish citizens. week 2: the world and the jews in world war ii we will try to examine the broader contexts of the holocaust and to place it, as part of world war 2. in this meeting we will also refer to the vital jewish world to be found under various nazi occupations and influences. week 3: the isolation abyss - the perspective of the individual we will try to reveal different aspects of jewish life in the face of the badge of shame, ghettos and segregation, as well as the formation of individual, societies and leaders reactions in the face of a consistent policy of dispossession and discrimination. once youve completed this course, you can continue your learning with the holocaust - an introduction (ii): the final solution this online course is offered in an innovative, multi-level format, comprising: * comprehensive lectures by leading researchers from tel aviv university and yad vashem. * a wealth of voices and viewpoints presented by guest lecturers. * numerous documents, photos, testimonies and works of art from the time of the holocaust. * novel learning experience: crowd sourcing  involving the learners themselves in the act of collecting and shaping information, via unique, exciting online assignments. requirements: this course is designed for anyone with an interest in the holocaust, including students, teachers, academics and policy-makers. from hatred to core ideology; from democracy to a totalitarian state; nazi germany and the jews . the world and the jews in world war ii . the abyss of isolation - the perspective of the individual null null"
mooc	course		the holocaust - an introduction (ii): the final solution	"null the holocaust was an inconceivable historical event, which forever robbed western culture of its innocence. as civilized human beings, we fail to understand how events of such horror could have taken place, and how an idea so inhumanly warped could have spread like wildfire through an entire continent, instigating the systematic annihilation of millions of jews. this free online course was produced jointly by tel aviv university and yad vashem  the world center for holocaust research. this course is the second of the two courses and covers three themes in its three weeks: week 1: the final solution well look at the cultural and mental processes that paved the way to the comprehensive and systematic mass murder of jews in europe  that is, the final solution. as part of this hard lesson we will discuss the various characteristics of the murder sites and death camps, and reveal selected aspects of the horror that occurred in them. week 2: jewish and non-jewish responses to the holocaust we will try to explore questions regarding knowledge about the application of the final solution, as well as a variety of responses and annihilation of victims, local populations and perpetrators. week 3: the end of the war we will dedicate this lesson to the events that occurred in the last years of the holocaust, as well as questions of memory, commemoration and future research. we strongly recommend that you register for the holocaust - an introduction (i): nazi germany: ideology, the jews and the world as well. taking both parts of the course would enable you to obtain a fuller and more comprehensive knowledge about the holocaust. this online course is offered in an innovative, multi-level format, comprising: comprehensive lectures by leading researchers from tel aviv university and yad vashem. a wealth of voices and viewpoints presented by guest lecturers numerous documents, photos, testimonies and works of art from the time of the holocaust. novel learning experience: crowdsourcing  involving the learners themselves in the act of collecting and shaping information, via unique, exciting online assignments. the final solution and the drive for eliminating all jews and all perceived jewish influences . jewish and non-jewish responses to the holocaust . the free world, the last months, the aftermath and the implications null null"
mooc	course		acute and chronic rhinosinusitis: a comprehensive review	"null welcome to acute and chronic rhinosinusitis: a comprehensive review this course is designed to inform primary care physicians and general otolaryngologists about the differences between acute and chronic rhinosinusitis and how to distinguish and treat them. it is also applicable to individuals who wish to broaden their knowledge and vernacular about this disease process, especially those who may suffer from this condition. the course has been divided into four modules, each of which is followed by multiple choice questions to help attendees further understand this condition: week 1 - cme information, accreditation and introduction week 2 - module 1: normal sinus anatomy and function (15 min. + quiz) week 3 - module 2: acute rhinosinusitis: diagnosis and treatment (17 min. + quiz) week 4 - module 3: chronic rhinoinusitis: diagnosis and treatment (18 min. + quiz) week 5 - module 4: the role of surgery for sinusitis and activity evaluation (36 min. + 2 quizzes) the primary objective of this course is to provide physicians with a thorough understanding of how to better diagnose and treat patients who suffer from acute and chronic rhinosinusitis. those participating in this course have the option to receive cme credit. please review the cme information and accreditation prior to proceeding with the course modules. release date: november 18, 2015 expiration date: november 18, 2017 estimated time to complete: one hour and forty five minutes cme fee: $30.00 cme credits offered: 1.75 cme reviewer: marita s. teng, md for physicians who are interested in earning cme credits and other allied health professions who wish to receive a verification of attendance certificate, you must: a. complete signature track (details to follow after enrolling in this course) b. complete registration process through the icahn school of medicine at mount sinai, cme office using the following link: http://mshs.co/suxzr (you will be required to pay an additional non-refundable fee of $30.00 in addition to the $49.00 fee for signature track.) to obtain your cme/ce certificate: email an attached copy of your verified certificate from coursera to the cme office at the icahn school of medicine at cme@mssm.edu and request your cme certificate. please make sure the subject line reads: coursera cme technical design and development lynette bobbitt lisa chase jill gregory paul lawrence charles psarreas rory sacks leonson stapleton alfie truchan cme information, accreditation . introduction . module 1: normal sinus anatomy and function . module 2: acute rhinosinusitis: diagnosis and treatment . module 3: chronic rhinoinusitis: diagnosis and treatment . module 4: the role of surgery for sinusitis . activity evaluation null null"
mooc	course		understanding financial statements: company performance	"null this course is designed to provide a basic understanding of financial statements with an emphasis on the income statement. building on the foundation formed in the first course, you will learn about the third of our three measurement questions and how the income statement helps to answer this final measurement question. returning to the real business people introduced in the first course, this second course describes the basic content of income statement in a simple yet relevant context. the course ends by summarizing many of the lessons learned in both courses to leave you with a lasting impression about what financial statements are and how accounting can work for you. we all know that accounting is the language of business; lets make learning this language engaging, and perhaps even fun! upon successful completion of this course, you will be able to:  describe the purpose of an income statement.  define the basic components of an income statement.  recognize and understand the meaning of several items typically presented on an income statement.  explain the broader purpose of financial statements and the role of accounting in producing the financial statements.  read and, to some extent, interpret real-world income statements. if you enjoy this business course and are interested in an mba, consider applying to the imba, a flexible, fully-accredited online mba at an incredibly competitive price offered by the university of illinois. for more information, please see the resource page in this course and onlinemba.illinois.edu. course orientation . module 1: how did you perform? introducing the income statement . module 2: finishing out the income statement and managing cash . module 3: final elements of financial statements . module 4: wrapping up financial statements and what lies ahead null null"
mooc	course		content strategy for professionals: expanding your contents reach	"null in this, the third content strategy course, participants will learn actionable ways to grow internal and external audiences. they will deepen their understanding about those target individuals and will use a host of known and emerging tools and social networks to meaningfully reach them. as its name makes clear, this course will expand your contents impact and reach. you will begin by learning how to utilize content trends to jump-start your organizations influence. youll also look at how to engage with multi-channel digital communities across all social media. finally, youll hear about some of the best ways to enhance your content with new interactivity tools and gamification. in this information age, every organization depends on its employees and those it serves to understand where it is going and what advances the organization has made. content strategy will enable you to tell your important stories with far greater impact and to a large, more valuable audience. guest lecturers in this course include: -- randy hlavac, lecturer, medill, northwestern (and lead professor of the social media marketing specialization also on coursera) -- emily withrow, assistant professor, medill, northwestern utilizing content trends . social networks and digital media . interactivity and gamification null null"
mooc	course		information design	"null a blank canvas is full of possibility. if you have an idea for a user experience, how do you turn it into a beautiful and effective user interface? this covers covers principles of visual design so that you can effectively organize and present information with your interfaces. youll learn concrete strategies to create user interfaces, including key lessons in typography, information architecture, layout, color, and more. youll learn particular issues that arise in new device contexts, such as mobile and responsive interfaces. you will learn how to apply these design principles in a modern context of increasingly diverse form factors - from tablets, to walls, to watches. wireframes &amp; mock-ups . flexible layout . new devices, big data null null"
mooc	course		ingls empresarial: finanzas y economa	"null do you work in finance or interact with finance professionals? is it necessary to speak, write or understand english in your career? follow the authentic characters in this course as they work through common business situations in finance and economics. learn from your successes and failure, and think critically about your own communication options. after taking this course, you will be able to read and create efficient e-mails, reports, and impactful presentations with words and phrases commonly used in finance and economics. communicate clearly under pressure utilizing recently learned strategies, and obtain immediate feedback about the efficiency of your business communication skills in english from other finance professionals around the world! gain the english communication skills that you desire and that global managers expect. trabaja usted en las finanzas o interactuar con profesionales de las finanzas? es necesario hablar, escribir o entender ingls en su profesin? siga los personajes autnticos en este curso a medida que trabajan a travs de situaciones de negocios comunes en las finanzas y las econmicas economa. aprenda de sus xitos y fracasos, y piense crticamente sobre sus propias opciones de comunicacin de ud. despus de tomar este curso, usted ser capaz de leer y crear mensajes de correo electrnico eficaces, informes, y presentaciones impactantes, con las palabras y frases del uso comn en las finanzas y las econmicas economa. comuniquese claramente bajo presin utilizando estrategias recin aprendidas, y obtenga informacin inmediata sobre la eficacia de sus habilidades de comunicacin de negocios en ingls por parte de otros profesionales de las finanzas de todo el mundo! obtenga las habilidades de comunicacin en ingls que ud. desee y que los gerentes globales esperan. budgeting . forecasting . purchasing . auditing . economics . review null null"
mooc	course		ingls empresarial: el mrketing y ventas	"null if you work in marketing, sales, or advertising, you already know that effective communication is a requirement. this can be even more difficult when expressing your ideas in a persuasive manner in english. in this course, you will learn to use english more efficiently while joining successful global professionals around the world. develop your skills along with authentic characters that work in marketing and also work hard to improve their communication skills. learn from your successes and failures, reflect on your own style, strengths, and improvement areas. after taking this course, you will be able to:  express your ideas through efficient emails, reports and persuasive presentations  learn words and phrases related to market research, branding, direct marketing, advertising costs, etc.  get instant feedback about the efficiency of your business communication skills in english from sales and marketing professionals from around the world  become part of a global community of business professionals who are developing their english communication skills si ud. trabaja en el marketing, las ventas, o la publicidad, ya sabe que la comunicacin efectiva es un requisito del trabajo. esto se hace an ms difcil cuando se trata de expresar sus ideas de manera persuasiva en ingls. en este curso, ud. aprender a utilizar el ingls con mayor eficacia, unindose a los profesionales globales exitosos en todo el mundo. ud. tambin desarrollar sus habilidades, junto con personajes autnticos quienes trabajan en marketing que tambin se esfuerzan para mejorar sus habilidades de comunicacin. finalmente, aprender de sus xitos y fracasos, y reflexionara sobre su propio estilo, puntos fuertes y reas de mejoramiento. despus de tomar este curso usted ser capaz de  expresar sus ideas a travs de correos electrnicos eficaces, informes y presentaciones persuasivas.  aprender palabras y frases relacionadas con las investigaciones del mercado, la marca, el marketing directo, las tarifas de publicidad y otros  obtener informacin inmediata sobre la eficacia de sus habilidades de comunicacin de negocios en ingls por parte de los profesionales de ventas y marketing de todo el mundo  unirse hoy con una comunidad de profesionales globales quienes estn desarrollando sus habilidades de comunicacin en ingls. product . product perception . promotion . persuasive techniques . pitch . review null null"
mooc	course		innovation management	"null what is innovation management? how do firms bring in new business models and get new products and services to the market? go on a nine-week journey through innovation management concepts, theories of idea generation, selection, strategy formulation and implementation in this mooc in innovation management. in it, you will also learn the tools for implementing innovation projects yourself. guided by world-class academics, you will develop an innovative mindset and expertise in how firms successfully create new ideas for marketing new products. the syllabus also includes sessions about innovation strategy, idea management and social networks. during this course, you will learn how to:  use the main innovation management terminology and concepts  explain the adoption life cycle and innovation adoption at the individual level  define creativity and explain how creativity can be stimulated  recognise and describe three types of idea management systems  explain what an innovation strategy is and why it is important  describe what a product portfolio is  explain how innovation projects should be selected and managed  explain the importance of teams, team structures and networks for innovation. rotterdam school of management, erasmus university (rsm) is one of europes leading business schools, and ranked among the top three for research. rsms primary focus is on developing business leaders with international careers who carry their innovative mindset into a sustainable future. go to www.rsm.nl for more information. this nine-week mooc in innovation management is taught in english. there is no fee to participate in the programme. introduction . the adoption of innovations . the fuzzy front-end - creativity . the fuzzy front-end - idea management . strategy - innovation strategy . strategy - portfolio management . execution - implementing innovation . execution - teams and networks . final exam null null"
mooc	course		"integrated marketing communications: advertising, public relations, digital marketing and more"	"null just how familiar are you with a marketing communication campaign? learn more about this key pillar in the marketing mix and use it to give the push your product or service needs. this course is designed to introduce you to the field of integrated marketing communications (imc) and aims to increase your understanding of important issues in planning and evaluating marketing communications strategies and executions. it combines the appropriate theories and models with practical information to help you make better marketing communications decisions. particular emphasis is placed on understanding the role of imc in creating valuable brands and winning your consumers. upon completion of this course, you should be able to: (1) have a solid understanding of the strategic and tactical elements useful in imc; (2) identify how market research and company objectives relate to the process of designing successful imc campaigns; and (3) explain how effective creative strategies are developed and implemented. what is imc? imc planning background . imc planning process . advertising management &amp; design . marketing communications mix null null"
mooc	course		calculus: single variable part 3 - integration	"null calculus is one of the grandest achievements of human thought, explaining everything from planetary orbits to the optimal size of a city to the periodicity of a heartbeat. this brisk course covers the core ideas of single-variable calculus with emphases on conceptual understanding and applications. the course is ideal for students beginning in the engineering, physical, and social sciences. distinguishing features of the course include: 1) the introduction and use of taylor series and approximations from the beginning; 2) a novel synthesis of discrete and continuous forms of calculus; 3) an emphasis on the conceptual over the computational; and 4) a clear, dynamic, unified approach. in this third part--part three of five--we cover integrating differential equations, techniques of integration, the fundamental theorem of integral calculus, and difficult integrals. integrating differential equations . techniques of integration . the fundamental theorem of integral calculus . dealing with difficult integrals null null"
mooc	course		input and interaction	"null in this course, you will learn relevant fundamentals of human motor performance, perception, and cognition that inform effective interaction design. you will use these models of how people work to design more effective input and interaction techniques. youll apply these to both traditional graphic and gestural interfaces. input . search &amp; navigation . gestural interfaces null null"
mooc	course		becoming part of the globalised workplace	"null the final course aims to build learners confidence and adaptability when communicating in cross-cultural environments as they assume leadership responsibility to communicate influence in persuasive workplace contexts. the course focuses on enhancing learners professional persona for skilful engagement and intercultural communication with stakeholders within and beyond the organization, including cross-departmental work teams, clients and external partners. learners will also discover and apply good practices in organising information, using visual aids and body language for presentations while demonstrating a heightened sense of cultural sensitivity in a given context. in all, learners will acquire skills to demonstrate persuasive verbal and intercultural communication in workplace contexts which may include dialogues and presentations to critical stakeholders and effective task delegation to team members. at the end of this course, learners will be able to: - analyse factors of motivation among workplace counterparts. - recognise the impact of culture on factors of motivation. - critique and craft persuasive verbal communication products (i.e. script of dialogue) for exchanges with work teams and critical stakeholders. - apply principles of effective powerpoint slide design with consideration for cultural sensitivity. - identify and adopt strategies on the use of voice and body language for engaging presentations. module 1: communicating influence in the workplace . make effective presentations . engaging external stakeholders and counterparts null null"
mooc	course		"journalism, the future, and you!"	"null you will learn about the career paths that are available in journalism, and what opportunities the skill sets of a journalist can offer in other fields. you will explore areas such as being an international correspondent, self-publishing in journalism, as well as how to freelance in the field. you will be empowered to develop your own path in journalism, from being an active and informed consumer, to being a journalist. the worlds of business, communications, politics, education and marketing all utilize elements of journalism. this course also examines how to keep the trust of audiences through ethical, and responsible, journalistic practices. sometimes, journalists need to be aware of their own safety. we will intelligently discuss how journalists around the world handle pressure, threats and other dangers while doing their jobs. journalism - and journalists - are agents of change. are you ready to become one too? welcome to the michigan state school of journalism . earning and keeping trust . tough calls . international journalism . the future of journalism...and you null null"
mooc	course		rethinking international tax law	"null in recent years, the international tax planning strategies of multinationals have become a source of  often heated  debate. this course provides learners with the tools to become fully informed participants in the debate by explaining the foundations and practice of international tax law as well as addressing current developments and the ethical aspects of tax planning. international tax planning  base case . design of corporate tax law systems . principles of international taxation &amp; tax treaties . transfer pricing . european union law &amp; fiscal state aid . tax planning &amp; ethical dimensions null null"
mooc	course		"internet history, technology, and security"	"null the impact of technology and networks on our lives, culture, and society continues to increase. the very fact that you can take this course from anywhere in the world requires a technological infrastructure that was designed, engineered, and built over the past sixty years. to function in an information-centric world, we need to understand the workings of network technology. this course will open up the internet and show you how it was created, who created it and how it works. along the way we will meet many of the innovators who developed the internet and web technologies that we use today. what you will learn: after this course you will not take the internet and web for granted. you will be better informed about important technological issues currently facing society. you will realize that the internet and web are spaces for innovation and you will get a better understanding of how you might fit into that innovation. if you get excited about the material in this course, it is a great lead-in to taking a course in web design, web development, programming, or even network administration. at a minimum, you will be a much wiser network citizen. getting started . history: dawn of electronic computing . history: the first internet - nsfnet . history: the web makes it easy to use . history: commercialization and growth . technology: internets and packets . technology: transport control protocol (tcp) . technology: application protocols . security: encrypting and signing . security: web security . final exam null null"
mooc	course		investment management in an evolving and volatile world by hec paris and axa investment managers	"null have you ever wanted to invest in financial markets, but were always afraid that you didnt have the proper tools or knowledge to make informed decisions? have you ever wondered how investment management companies operate and what fund managers do? axa investment managers, in partnership with hec paris, will introduce you to the most important ideas and concepts in investment management, to help you better understand your financial future. this course will enable you to:  define what type of investor you are, your investment objectives, and potential constraints.  identify the main investable assets and important players in financial markets.  understand basic portfolio management techniques.  apply these techniques in real case studies from the outset, through practical assessments. finally, we will provide a comprehensive overview of todays asset management industry: the product cycles, professionals, and regulations. for those who want to identify a talented fund manager to invest for you, we offer important criteria for selecting one. for those who are interested in learning more about this fascinating industry, we lay the foundation for your ongoing financial journey. join us now to explore the world of investment management! course launching date the first session of the course will be launched on april 11th, 2016. course specialists the course has been developed in collaboration between hec paris, with hugues langlois managing the academic aspect, and axa investment managers specialists, sharing their experiences and expertise and coordinated by marion le morhedec. axa investment managers participants include maxime alimi, stephanie condra, nicholas jeans, elodie laugel, pierre-franois de mont-serrat, jean-gabriel pierre (axa group), dorothe sauloup, irina topa-serry, fiona southall, patrice viot coster, susanna warner, and joachim weitgasser. recommended background we expect most participants to have a basic level of knowledge in mathematics and economics. however this is not essential, and we believe that people from any background can succeed with commitment and a strong interest. be aware that in the case study, you will have to use excel. course format this course will run for 4 weeks and consists of 4 modules, each with a series of lecture videos between 5 to 8 minutes long. each module contains a set of practice and graded quiz questions. a complete portfolio management exercise covers concepts learned in all modules language the course will be in english, with french and chinese subtitles. the project the preparation of this mooc has been an exciting adventure for many professionals at axa investment managers and hec, both for the speakers and a wealth of contributors. thank you to all of them. we hope you enjoy this course as much as we enjoyed creating it! defining your objectives and universe . how to build an investment solution . exploring specific portfolio management techniques . the asset management industry: selecting or becoming a fund manager null null"
mooc	course		financial evaluation and strategy: investments	"null learn the fundamental principles of trading off risk and return, portfolio optimization, and security pricinguseful skills and concepts to have when making both corporate and personal financial decisions. also explore market efficiency and firm valuation techniques. this course is part of the imba offered by the university of illinois, a flexible, fully-accredited online mba at an incredibly competitive price. for more information, please see the resource page in this course and onlinemba.illinois.edu. course overview . module 1: investments toolkit and portfolio formation . module 2: motivating, explaining, &amp; implementing the capital asset pricing model (capm) . module 3: testing the capm, multifactor models, &amp; market efficiency . module 4: investment finance and corporate finance: firm valuation . course conclusion null null"
mooc	course		leadership in 21st century organizations	"null meet jim barton, the new ceo of santa monica aerospace. jims job wont be easy: the companys hemorrhaging cash, struggling to regain investors trust after an accounting scandal, and striving to transform its culture to become a more global competitor. in this course, youll travel with jim as he takes on leadership challenges ranging from strategy execution, to inspiring people, to maintaining an ethical approach. experts agree that twentieth-century leadership practices are inadequate for the stormy twenty-first-century present. this provocative course equips you with the insights youll need to rise with the occasion of a rapidly shifting business landscape. the course is based on a book, harder than i thought: adventures of a 21st century leader, by robert d. austin, richard l. nolan, and shannon odonnell, published by harvard business review press. purchase of the book is optional. if you want more information about the book or wish to buy it, see https://hbr.org/product/harder-than-i-thought-adventures-of-a-twenty-first/an/10332-hbk-eng or http://www.amazon.com/harder-than-thought-adventures-twenty-first/dp/1422162591 after taking the course, youll be able to: o enact your own personal leadership approach, derived from your ongoing evaluation of how jim barton has handled his leadership situation, as well as from established leadership concepts and frameworks; o avoid leadership actions that might have worked in the past, but are not suited to a newly challenging 21st century world; o navigate treacherous new 21st century leadership challenges, such as greater reliance on specialized workers or the need to respond to external scrutiny in an increasingly transparent world (and many more); o avoid slippery slope ethical failures, and think more clearly about the separation between public and private life for a 21st century leader. course preview and intro . taking on a new leadership role . getting oriented and assessing your team . communication in an age of super transparency . leading collaboration . motivating and inspiring . effective governance . leading change . managing talent . leading in crisis . leading innovation . leading execution . public life, private life . vision and the role of culture . modern theories of leadership . a study in leadership failure: the financial crisis (part 1) . a study in leadership failure: the financial crisis (part 2) . real leadership case study: lord john browne, british petroleum . synthesis - leadership in 21st century organizations null null"
mooc	course		"country level economics: policies, institutions, and macroeconomic performance"	"null this course examines macroeconomic performance in the short run and the long run based on the economys institutional and policy environment. the first module develops a model of macroeconomy in the short run when the price level has its own momentum and does not respond much to supply and demand forces. the model enables one to see how gdp, interest rate, and exchange rate are determined in the short run and how they respond to macroeconomic shocks and policies. the second module starts the analysis of long-run equilibrium by examining the foreign exchange market. it then connects the long-run outcome with expectations about the future trends in the exchange rate at each moment, which constitute a key driver of the spot exchange rate in the short run. the methodology developed for this purpose can be applied to expectations concerning other macroeconomic variables as well. finally, the long-run foreign exchange model is employed to derive a number of important lessons for the long run trends in currency values and competitiveness of producers in various countries. the third module examines the drivers of aggregate output in the long run and the mechanisms of adjustment from the short run to the long run. the model provides insights about why some countries are much richer than others and why some economies grow faster than others over decades. the analysis also sheds light on why inflation varies across countries or over time in the same country. the model is employed to analyze the sources of macroeconomic instability and the roles of fiscal and monetary policies in stabilization or destabilization of the macroeconomy. the final module discusses the characteristics of desirable macroeconomic policies and the reasons why actual policies deviate from them. it connects these deviations to country characteristics that one needs to take into account when assessing a countrys long-term macroeconomic environment. the module ends with a discussion of the institutional conditions that help bring about better fiscal and monetary policies. at the end of this course, you will be able to:  understand how the market for aggregate goods and services interacts with the money market to shape the macroeconomic equilibrium that determines income, interest rate, and exchange rate in the short run.  understand the links between the short-run and long-run processes.  assess the dynamic effects of macroeconomic policies and understand the roles of globalization, government policies, institutions, and expectations in macroeconomic outcomes. this course is part of the imba offered by the university of illinois, a flexible, fully-accredited online mba at an incredibly competitive price. for more information, please see the resource page in this course and onlinemba.illinois.edu. course orientation . module 1: aggregate expenditure and gdp in the short run when prices are sticky . module 2: expectations and the long-run exchange rate . module 3: long-run economic performance and short-run adjustments . module 4: institutions and macroeconomic policies null null"
mooc	course		managerial accounting: tools for facilitating and guiding business decisions	"null learn how managerial accounting is used to facilitate and guide business decisions. topics will include planning (e.g., budgets), variance analysis, and overall performance measurement. this course is part of the imba offered by the university of illinois, a flexible, fully-accredited online mba at an incredibly competitive price. for more information, please see the resource page in this course and onlinemba.illinois.edu. course overview and relevant information for decision making . budgeting for planning and control . standard costing and variance analysis . performance measurement and evaluation null null"
mooc	course		"managerial accounting: cost behaviors, systems, and analysis"	"null learn the key facets of cost analysis. topics will include types of costs, cost behavior, costing system design, activity-based costing, and cost-volume-profit analysis. this course is part of the imba offered by the university of illinois, a flexible, fully-accredited online mba at an incredibly competitive price. for more information, please see the resource page in this course and onlinemba.illinois.edu. course overview and introduction to managerial accounting . costing systems i - elements and design . costing systems ii - activity-based costing . cost-volume-profit (cvp) analysis null null"
mooc	course		managerial economics and business analysis capstone	"null the capstone project involves an in-depth analysis of an actual business situation in which you will examine the global economic environment of a business. the final project will be a business plan that uses statistical tools and economic theory to create a comprehensive analysis of the microeconomic and macroeconomic environment in which the focal company operates. this course is part of the imba offered by the university of illinois, a flexible, fully-accredited online mba at an incredibly competitive price. for more information, please see the resource page in this course and onlinemba.illinois.edu.  null null"
mooc	course		managing the organization: from organizational design to execution	"null in this course you will build a practical framework to understand the critical linkages between organization design and the creation of economic value through execution. we will focus on four critical linkages: 1. how organizational growth and life cycle require design changes to improve execution 2. how managerial decision making can be improved through better organization design 3. how the design of human resource practices shape the culture of the organization 4. how innovation and change can be facilitated through organization design these linkages are critical in assessing how managers make sure that the organizations they design can execute the strategies they have envisioned under changing environmental conditions. learners will be able to answer the following:  what are the managerial implications of organizational growth and life cycle?  how do you improve managerial decision making through organizational design?  how do human resource management policies shape organizational culture?  how do organizations plan for top management succession and change?  how do you know that your organization design is not effective?  how do you manage organizational change and innovation? this course is part of the imba offered by the university of illinois, a flexible, fully-accredited online mba at an incredibly competitive price. for more information, please see the resource page in this course and onlinemba.illinois.edu. course orientation . module 1: organizational life cycle  innovation, change, and redesign . module 2: managerial decision making and organization design . module 3: managing human resources  building culture and identity in organizations . module 4: top management teams, managerial succession, and organizational consequences null null"
mooc	course		the power of markets iii: input markets and promoting efficiency	"null the final module of the power of markets course begins by further exploring firm behavior in imperfectly competitive market settings: how firms with monopoly power can increase profits through price discrimination; and the price-output combinations we can expect firms to select in cases of monopolistic competition and oligopoly. we will also analyze monopolies from an efficiency perspective and look at the effects of imperfect information on firm and consumer behavior. we will next turn to exploring input markets and what determines the demand for an input by a firm, an industry, and the overall market. we will also look at the factors that affect input supply and how the supply of an input interacts with demand to determinant input prices. we will use input market theory to analyze institutions and government policies such as the ncaa sports cartel, the minimum wage, social security, and immigration. finally, we will address the concept of market efficiency and what government can do to promote it as well as how government intervention may diminish it. week 9 - product pricing with monopoly power . week 10 - monopolistic competition and oligopoly . week 11 - the market for inputs . week 12 - can government intervention improve market outcomes? null null"
mooc	course		digital marketing channels: the landscape	"null learn the role of digital channels in an integrated marketing campaign and why you need a digital strategy. interact with the content and hear from industry experts invited to join the course. this course is part of the imba offered by the university of illinois, a flexible, fully-accredited online mba at an incredibly competitive price. for more information, please see the resource page in this course and onlinemba.illinois.edu. course overview and digital and content marketing strategy . combining traditional and digital media . research and pitch your plan . looking forward in the digital space null null"
mooc	course		marketing in a digital world	"null this course examines how digital tools, such as the internet, smartphones, and 3d printing, are revolutionizing the world of marketing by shifting the balance of power from firms to consumers. marketing in a digital world is one of the most popular courses on coursera and has attracted over 100,000 learners. according to class-central.com , this course is also the highest rated online business course in the world. nc magazine rated this course as one of the 10 hottest online classes for professionals in 2015. this course is part of the imba offered by the university of illinois, a flexible, fully-accredited online mba at an incredibly competitive price. for more information, please see the resource page in this course and onlinemba.illinois.edu . course overview and digital tools for developing innovative new products . digital tools for persuading customers to buy your products . digital tools for effectively distributing your products . digital tools for setting the right prices for your products null null"
mooc	course		digital marketing channels: planning	"null learn the role of digital channels in an integrated marketing campaign and why you need a digital strategy. interact with the content and hear from industry experts invited to join the course. this course is part of the imba offered by the university of illinois, a flexible, fully-accredited online mba at an incredibly competitive price. for more information, please see the resource page in this course and onlinemba.illinois.edu. course overview and optimizing your digital assets . online and video marketing . social and email marketing . putting it all together for your digital plan null null"
mooc	course		modern &amp; contemporary american poetry (modpo)	"null modpo is a fast-paced introduction to modern and contemporary u.s. poetry, with an emphasis on experimental verse, from emily dickinson and walt whitman to the present. participants (who need no prior experience with poetry) will learn how to read poems that are supposedly difficult. we encounter and discuss the poems one at a time. its much easier than it seems! join us and try it! the next live, interactive 10-week session of modpo will begin on september 10, 2016, and will conclude on november 21, 2016. al filreis will be in touch with you by email before the september 10 start of the course with all the information youll need to participate. during the 10 weeks of the course, you will be guided through poems, video discussions of each poem, and community discussions of each poem. and (unique among open online courses) we offer weekly, interactive live webcasts. our famed tas also offer office hours throughout the week. we help arrange meet-ups and in-site study groups. if you are curious about the modpo team, type modpo youtube introduction into google or your favorite search engine, and watch the 20-minute introductory video. you will get an overview of the course and will meet the brilliant tas, who will be encountering the poems with you all the way to the end. if you use facebook, join the always-thriving modpo group: from inside facebook, search for modern &amp; contemporary american poetry and then request to be added as a member. if you have any questions about modpo, you can post a question to the fb group and youll receive an almost instant reply. we tweet all year long at @modpopenn and you can also find modpo colleagues using the hashtag #modpolive. modpo is hosted byand is housed atthe kelly writers house at 3805 locust walk on the campus of the university of pennsylvania in philadelphia usa. all modpoers are welcome to visit the writers house when they are in our area. our discussions are filmed there. our live webcasts take place in the famed arts cafe of the house. to find out whats going on at the writers house any time, just dial 215-746-poem.  null null"
mooc	course		more chinese for beginners	"null this is an advanced course for chinese for beginners. learners will expand vocabularies about personal information, daily life, food and drink, healthy, and expressions about greeting, suggestion, agreement, comparison, complaint, prohibition, experience, plan, recommendation, etc. learners can improve their listening and speaking and know much more about chinese social cultures. as the same as chinese for beginners, the course doesnt ask the learners to know chinese characters. recommended background: for learners with certain english language ability and better have attended chinese for beginners. what do you know about him/her? . im very busy! . its so delicious! . whats the matter? . im not feeling well. . when will be the next holiday? null null"
mooc	course		advanced engineering systems in motion: dynamics of three dimensional (3d) motion	"null this course is an advanced study of bodies in motion as applied to engineering systems and structures. we will study the dynamics of rigid bodies in 3d motion. this will consist of both the kinematics and kinetics of motion. kinematics deals with the geometrical aspects of motion describing position, velocity, and acceleration, all as a function of time. kinetics is the study of forces acting on these bodies and how it affects their motion. --------------------------- recommended background: to be successful in the course you will need to have mastered basic engineering mechanics concepts and to have successfully completed my course entitled engineering systems in motion: dynamics of particles and bodies in 2d motion. we will apply many of the engineering fundamentals learned in those classes and you will need those skills before attempting this course. --------------------------- suggested readings: while no specific textbook is required, this course is designed to be compatible with any standard engineering dynamics textbook. you will find a book like this useful as a reference and for completing additional practice problems to enhance your learning of the material. --------------------------- the copyright of all content and materials in this course are owned by either the georgia tech research corporation or dr. wayne whiteman. by participating in the course or using the content or materials, whether in whole or in part, you agree that you may download and use any content and/or material in this course for your own personal, non-commercial use only in a manner consistent with a student of any academic course. any other use of the content and materials, including use by other academic universities or entities, is prohibited without express written permission of the georgia tech research corporation. interested parties may contact dr. wayne whiteman directly for information regarding the procedure to obtain a non-exclusive license. course introduction; angular velocity; angular acceleration . velocities in moving reference frames; accelerations in moving reference frames; the earth as a moving frame . eulerian angles; eulerian angles rotation matrices; angular momentum in 3d; inertial properties of 3d bodies . translational and rotational transformations of inertial properties; principal axes and principal moments of inertia . motion equations governing 3d rotational motion of a rigid body (euler equations) . 3d impulse-momentum principles; 3d work-energy principles null null"
mooc	course		greek and roman mythology	"null myths are traditional stories that have endured over a long time. some of them have to do with events of great importance, such as the founding of a nation. others tell the stories of great heroes and heroines and their exploits and courage in the face of adversity. still others are simple tales about otherwise unremarkable people who get into trouble or do some great deed. what are we to make of all these tales, and why do people seem to like to hear them? this course will focus on the myths of ancient greece and rome, as a way of exploring the nature of myth and the function it plays for individuals, societies, and nations. we will also pay some attention to the way the greeks and romans themselves understood their own myths. are myths subtle codes that contain some universal truth? are they a window on the deep recesses of a particular culture? are they a set of blinders that all of us wear, though we do not realize it? or are they just entertaining stories that people like to tell over and over? this course will investigate these questions through a variety of topics, including the creation of the universe, the relationship between gods and mortals, human nature, religion, the family, sex, love, madness, and death. course schedule  week 1: introduction welcome to greek and roman mythology! this first week well introduce the class, paying attention to how the course itself works. well also begin to think about the topic at hand: myth! how can we begin to define myth? how does myth work? what have ancient and modern theorists, philosophers, and other thinkers had to say about myth? this week well also begin our foray into homers world, with an eye to how we can best approach epic poetry. readings: no texts this week, but it would be a good idea to get started on next weeks reading to get ahead of the game. video lectures: 1.1-1.7 quiz: complete the quiz by the end of the week.  week 2: becoming a hero in week 2, we begin our intensive study of myth through homers epic poem, the odyssey. this core text not only gives us an exciting story to appreciate on its own merits but also offers us a kind of laboratory where we can investigate myth using different theoretical approaches. this week we focus on the young telemachus tour as he begins to come of age; we also accompany his father odysseus as he journeys homeward after the trojan war. along the way, well examine questions of heroism, relationships between gods and mortals, family dynamics, and the homeric values of hospitality and resourcefulness. readings: homer, odyssey, books 1-8 video lectures: 2.1-2.10 quiz: complete the quiz by the end of the week.  week 3: adventures out and back this week well follow the exciting peregrinations of odysseus, man of twists and turns, over sea and land. the heros journeys abroad and as he re-enters his homeland are fraught with perils. this portion of the odyssey features unforgettable monsters and exotic witches; we also follow odysseus into the underworld, where he meets shades of comrades and relatives. here we encounter some of the best-known stories to survive from all of ancient myth. readings: homer, odyssey, books 9-16 video lectures: 3.1-3.10 quiz: complete the quiz by the end of the week.  week 4: identity and signs as he makes his way closer and closer to re-taking his place on ithaca and with his family, a disguised odysseus must use all his resources to regain his kingdom. well see many examples of reunion as odysseus carefully begins to reveal his identity to various members of his householdhis servants, his dog, his son, and finally, his wife penelopewhile also scheming against those who have usurped his place. readings: homer, odyssey, books 17-24 video lectures: 4.1-4.8 quiz: complete the quiz by the end of the week.  week 5: gods and humans we will take a close look at the most authoritative story on the origin of the cosmos from greek antiquity: hesiods theogony. hesiod was generally considered the only poet who could rival homer. the theogony, or birth of the gods, tells of an older order of gods, before zeus, who were driven by powerful passionsand strange appetites! this poem presents the beginning of the world as a time of fierce struggle and violence as the universe begins to take shape, and order, out of chaos. readings: hesiod, theogony *(the works and days is not required for the course)* video lectures: 5.1-5.9 quiz: complete the quiz by the end of the week.  week 6: ritual and religion this weeks readings give us a chance to look closely at greek religion in its various guises. myth, of course, forms one important aspect of religion, but so does ritual. how ancient myths and rituals interact teaches us a lot about both of these powerful cultural forms. we will read two of the greatest hymns to olympian deities that tell up-close-and-personal stories about the gods while providing intricate descriptions of the rituals they like us humans to perform. readings: homeric hymn to apollo; homeric hymn to demeter (there are two hymns to each that survive, only the longer hymn to apollo and the longer hymn to demeter are required for the course) video lectures: 6.1-6.7 quiz: complete the quiz by the end of the week.  week 7: justice what counts as a just action, and what counts as an unjust one? who gets to decide? these are trickier questions than some will have us think. this unit looks at one of the most famously thorny issues of justice in all of the ancient world. in aeschylus oresteiathe only surviving example of tragedy in its original trilogy formwe hear the story of agamemnons return home after the trojan war. unlike odysseus eventual joyful reunion with his wife and children, this hero is betrayed by those he considered closest to him. this familys cycle of revenge, of which this story is but one episode, carries questions of justice and competing loyalties well beyond agamemnons immediate family, eventually ending up on the athenian acropolis itself. readings: aeschylus, agamemnon; aeschylus, eumenides video lectures: 7.1-7.10 quiz: complete the quiz by the end of the week.  week 8: unstable selves this week we encounter two famous tragedies, both set at thebes, that center on questions of guilt and identity: sophocles oedipus rex and eurpides bacchae. oedipus is confident that he can escape the unthinkable fate that was foretold by the delphic oracle; we watch as he eventually realizes the horror of what he has done. with odysseus, we saw how a great hero can re-build his identity after struggles, while oedipus shows us how our identities can dissolve before our very eyes. the myth of oedipus is one of transgressionsintentional and unintentionaland about the limits of human knowledge. in euripides bacchae, the identity of gods and mortals is under scrutiny. here, dionysus, the god of wine and of tragedy, and also madness, appears as a character on stage. through the dissolution of pentheus, we see the terrible consequences that can occur when a gods divinity is not properly acknowledged. readings: sophocles, oedipus rex; euripides, bacchae video lectures: 8.1-8.9 quiz: complete the quiz by the end of the week.  week 9: the roman hero, remade moving ahead several centuries, we jump into a different part of the mediterranean to let the romans give us their take on myth. although many poets tried to rewrite homer for their own times, no one succeeded quite like vergil. his epic poem, the aeneid, chronicles a powerful re-building of a culture that both identifies with and defines itself against previously told myths. in contrast to the scarcity of information about homer, we know a great deal about vergils life and historical context, allowing us insight into myth-making in action. readings: vergil, aeneid, books 1-5 video lectures: 9.1-9.10 quiz: complete the quiz by the end of the week.  week 10: roman myth and ovids metamorphoses our consideration of vergils tale closes with his trip to the underworld in book 6. next, we turn to a more playful roman poet, ovid, whose genius is apparent in nearly every kind of register. profound, witty, and satiric all at once, ovids powerful re-tellings of many ancient myths became the versions that are most familiar to us today. finally, through the lens of the romans and others who remythologize, we wrap up the course with a retrospective look at myth. readings: vergil, aeneid, book 6; ovid, metamorphoses, books 3, 12, and 13. video lectures: 10.1-10.9. quiz: complete the quiz by the end of the week. readings there are no required texts for the course, however, professor struck will make reference to the following texts in the lecture:  greek tragedies, volume 1, david grene and richmond lattimore, trans. (chicago)  greek tragedies, volume 3, david grene and richmond lattimore , trans. (chicago)  hesiod, theogony and works and days, m. l. west, trans. (oxford)  homeric hymns, sarah ruden, trans. (hackett)  homer, the odyssey, robert fagles, trans. (penguin)  virgil, the aeneid, robert fitzgerald, trans. (vintage)  ovid, metamorphoses, david raeburn, trans. (penguin) these translations are a pleasure to work with, whereas many of the translations freely available on the internet are not. if you do not want to purchase them, they should also be available at many libraries. again, these texts are not required, but they are helpful. introduction . becoming a hero . adventures out and back . identity and signs . gods and humans . ritual and religion . justice . unstable selves . the roman hero, remade . roman myth and ovids metamorphoses null null"
mooc	course		the roles and responsibilities of nonprofit boards of directors within the governance process	"null this course provides a more in-depth look at the roles and responsibilities of boards of directors in the governance of nonprofit organizations. while the course has been developed with north american culture in mind, we do appreciate that in other parts of the world, the nature of the roles and responsibilities of boards of directors may not be the same. nevertheless,it is our hope that much of the course content will still be of value to those in other parts of the world. to learn more about this course, please watch the overview video by copying and pasting the following link into your web browser: https://goo.gl/sxzezs. keywords: nonprofit; nonprofit sector; voluntary sector; nonprofit organizations, non-governmental organizations, volunteer organizations, leadership, management, governance, board, board of directors, performance, effectiveness course 2 overview: week 1: some of the questions to be explored this week are: what is the boards role in planning for the organizations future and why is it important for nonprofit organizations to do it? what is strategic planning and what can boards do to carry this out effectively? week 2: this weeks questions: what is the boards role in assessing the performance of the organization? why is performance assessment important? why do many boards have difficulty meeting their performance assessment responsibilities? week 3: this weeks questions: what are the elements of the fundraising/resource development process? what is the boards role in ensuring the organization has adequate funding? what information should be in a resource development plan? week 4: at this stage, you are asked to review the course content, submit a written assignment (known lightheartedly as a bear (board effectiveness readiness assessment), and take two multiple choice readiness assurance tests (known similarly as rats). one rat will assess knowledge and reading comprehension and the other will test application of knowledge within a practical case. week 5: we will encourage you to discuss the rats in the discussion forums and take them again should you wish to change any of your answers based on the information exchanged. the boards role in planning . the boards role in performance assessment . the boards role in fundraising and resource development . concept testing and application . assessment of learning: bear peer review and rat discussion forums null null"
mooc	course		the factors that influence the effectiveness of boards and the governance process	"null the third course in this specialization introduces you to the factors that influence how effective boards of directors will be in carrying out their roles and responsibilities and hence the impact they have in shaping the success of the organization they govern. while this course has been developed with north american culture in mind, we do appreciate that, in other parts of the world, the nature of the factors that influence the effectiveness of nonprofit boards of directors may vary. nevertheless,it is our hope that much of the course content will still be of value to those in other parts of the world. to learn more about this course, please watch the overview video by copying and pasting the following link into your web browser: https://goo.gl/aamifl. keywords: nonprofit; nonprofit sector; voluntary sector; nonprofit organizations, non-governmental organizations, volunteer organizations, leadership, management, governance, board, board of directors, performance, effectiveness course 3 overview: week 1: this weeks questions: what factors influence the effectiveness of board meetings? what are the formal procedures and structures within the board that impact its performance? what can a board do to intentionally improve the way it structures itself and runs its decision making meetings? week 2: this weeks questions: what do we mean by board composition and development and why is it important? why is it difficult to change the composition of the board? how do you design the ideal mix of board members? how do you locate, recruit and develop board members? week 3: this weeks questions: what do we mean by the culture of the board and why is it important? how do boards develop and pass along culture? can board cultures be intentionally changed? what is the role of leadership in shaping board culture? what do effective nonprofit leaders involved in governance do? how can leadership be managed for higher performance? week 4: at this stage, you are asked to review the course content, submit a written assignment (known lightheartedly as a bear (board effectiveness readiness assessment), and take two multiple choice readiness assurance tests (known similarly as rats). one rat will assess knowledge and reading comprehension and the other will test application of knowledge within a practical case. week 5: we will encourage you to discuss the rats in the discussion forums and take them again should you wish to change any of your answers based on the information exchanged. board operating procedures, structures, and meetings . the composition and development of the board . board culture and leadership . individual concept testing and application . group concept testing and application null null"
mooc	course		capstone - managing board change for higher levels of leadership and governance effectiveness	"null the capstone project is a service learning experience designed to apply the knowledge and skills developed in the three specialization courses to a real world leadership and governance situation. it is also intended to develop the participants capability to act as an agent for positive change in nonprofit organizations. to this end, you will analyze the leadership and governance effectiveness of a real board of directors in an organization of your own choosing (or, if that is not possible, data gathered from a real board provided by the course instructors). by the end of the capstone project, you will have produced a professional consulting report detailing your analysis and recommendations to improve board leadership and governance effectiveness. you will then present it to the board and advise them on implementing change. to learn more about this course, please watch the overview video by copying and pasting the following link into your web browser: https://goo.gl/rhsxr0 keywords: nonprofit; nonprofit sector; voluntary sector; nonprofit organizations, non-governmental organizations, volunteer organizations, leadership, management, governance, board, board of directors, performance, effectiveness capstone project overview: weeks 1-3: this period will be spent choosing a board of a nonprofit organization and gathering information using two specially designed tools and resources: the suny open textbook (to download the book copy and paste the following link into your browser: http://tinyurl.com/peolnjb), guidelines for improving the effectiveness of boards of directors of nonprofit organizations, and the board check-up, online board performance self-assessment tool that can be accessed by copying and pasting this link into your browser: https://www.boardcheckup.com. weeks 4-5: in this phase, the information gathered will be analyzed leading to an evaluation of the boards effectiveness in the different dimensions of board effectiveness examined in the specialization courses. weeks 6-8: in the final phase of the project, the results of the analysis and recommendations for positive change will be brought together a specially prepared consulting report intended for the use of the board of the client organization.  null null"
mooc	course		"introduction to the nonprofit sector, nonprofit organizations, nonprofit leadership and governance"	"null this course introduces you to the nonprofit sector, nonprofit organizations, and the concepts of leadership and governance. while this course has been developed with north american culture in mind, we do appreciate that in other parts of the world the nature of the nonprofit sector, nonprofit organizations, nonprofit leadership and governance may not be the same. nevertheless, it is our hope that much of the course content will still be of value to those in other parts of the world. to learn more about this course, please watch the overview video by copying and pasting the following link into your web browser: https://goo.gl/lvhdqi. keywords: nonprofit; nonprofit sector; voluntary sector; nonprofit organizations, non-governmental organizations, volunteer organizations, leadership, management, governance, board, board of directors, performance, effectiveness course 1 overview: week 1: some of the questions you will explore this week are: what is the nonprofit sector and why does it exist? what are the unique characteristics of nonprofit organizations? what are the trends and emerging issues facing organizations in the nonprofit sector? week 2: questions to be explored this week are: what is leadership at the governance level and how is it different from management? what is good governance and why does it matter? what is a board of directors? week 3: this weeks questions: what roles do board members play in nonprofit organizations? broadly speaking, what are boards responsible for and how do they go about their work? what are some of the issues that challenge the boards ability to go its work? week 4: at this stage, you are asked to review the course content, submit a written assignment (known lightheartedly as a bear (board effectiveness readiness assessment), and take two multiple choice readiness assurance tests (known similarly as rats). one rat will assess knowledge and reading comprehension and the other will test application of knowledge within a practical case. week 5: we will encourage you to discuss the rats in the discussion forums and take them again should you wish to change any of your answers based on the information exchanged. the nonprofit sector, nonprofit organizations, leadership and governance . nonprofit management and leadership, organizational governance and boards of directors . the boards role and responsibilities . concept testing and application . assessment of learning: bear peer review and rat discussion forums null null"
mooc	course		operations management	"null in this course, you will recognize the role of operations within the bigger picture of business strategy and master the fundamental aspects of managing the operations of a business. this course is part of the imba offered by the university of illinois, a flexible, fully-accredited online mba at an incredibly competitive price. for more information, please see the resource page in this course and onlinemba.illinois.edu. course overview . module 1: operations strategy . module 2: process analysis . module 3: inventory and supply chain management . module 4: quality management . course conclusion null null"
mooc	course		"time to reorganize! understand organizations, act, and build a meaningful world."	"null we are in constant relationship with many organizations. our world is submitted to regular changes as organizations evolve, come and go. understanding your memberships and attachments to organizations will help you act on your world. youll learn how to evaluate the influence of organizations around you and how to transform your relationships to reach a stronger coherence. do you feel sometime that the world around you is disorganized? can you make sense of all the information at your reach and have an impact on this situation? have you ever thought that this conundrum may be due to all the organizations that emerge, strive or wane, and disappear every day? organizations are ubiquitous, from clubs and associations to firms and public agencies. organizations confer meaning to all of us, and our attachment and membership to organizations have a profound effect on all areas of our lives. but in our increasingly turbulent world, these organizations run the risk of disappearing or losing their legitimacy, steering a sense of pointlessness and absurdity. this course develops an integrative approach to understanding organizations and their behaviors, termed orgology. it explains that organizations can act strategically to protect and renew the sense of membership and attachment of individuals. so doing, organizations that survive and thrive impose their logics of action onto society, thereby influencing what is legitimate or not. in turn, individuals, you, all of us, must reinterpret our multiple associations with organizations and contribute to reinforce or inhibit social evolutions. this new way of understanding organizations relationships with society results in reconsidering management and the role of individuals in building their future. there is no prerequisite to this course, you are all welcome ! students and people interested in the fields of management, sociology, strategy, economics leadership etc will benefit a lot from this course. for the session of this course starting on january 11th, professor rodolphe durand will actively be participating and interacting with learners. he will be offering office hours sessions through google hangouts and answering learner questions from the forums. we hope this direct interaction will add to your learner experience! please enroll today! our world is organizational . when an organizations-based world gets disorganized . competition and competitive advantage . understanding change: time to reorganize . final article quizzes and final exam null null"
mooc	course		the importance of india	"null join us as we explore india - the fastest growing economy in the world and one of the most diverse places on earth. india is an important player in the human story and is making a rapid return to centre stage. learning about india has never been more relevant to our lives and possibly our careers. this course, developed through a grant from the u.s. department of states passport to india initiative, is designed to introduce people of all backgrounds and ages to india and its potential as a destination for study, research, work and entrepreneurship. whatever your interests, this course will help you develop a more informed perspective on the importance of india. the sheer diversity and scale of india are reasons enough for making india not just important but fascinating too. many agree that two of the rising trends of the coming decades are the re-emergence of asia and technological change. india is at the heart of both trends and shares much in common with the united states. at the current pace of change, we may see:  within 10 years, india is likely to overtake china and have the worlds largest population  in 20 years, new delhi overtaking tokyo as the worlds largest city  in 30 years, india could overtake china and the us as the worlds largest economy by the time a current college student is the same age as their parents are today  the world will have changed dramatically. indias importance is growing by the day and could very well have far-reaching implications for your life and career. each week of this interactive course explores one major theme related to indias importance in an interdisciplinary way. this course is brought to you by the u.s. department of states passport to india initiative and is developed through a partnership between the ohio state university and indogenius. why india? why now? . influence . diversity . complexity . creativity . opportunity null null"
mooc	course		perfect tenses and modals	"null this is the first course in the learn english: intermediate grammar specialization. in this course, you will learn about important intermediate verb tenses, including present perfect, present perfect progressive, past perfect, and past perfect progressive. you will also learn about common modal verbs used in english. this course is designed for learners who have a basic understanding of english grammar but who want to learn more and improve their skills for everyday speaking or writing, as well as for academics. it will be a fun class with lots of entertaining and informative video lectures. welcome . present perfect tense . present perfect progressive . past perfect and past perfect progressive . modals--ability, possibility, preference, and impossibility null null"
mooc	course		"photography techniques: light, content, and sharing"	"null welcome to course four! in modules 1-4 you will cover the final elements of the specialization necessary to round out this introduction to the fundamentals of photography, and prepare you for creating your own exciting project in the capstone! you have come a long way since the beginning of this journey from smartphone basics to dslr and beyond. just think of all the information you have absorbed and put to use in your assignments and quizzes, and the confidence you have gained that you can control the camera to make pictures you are proud to share. here in course four you will start by gaining knowledge related to content in photography, from fact to fiction, documentary to purely expressive. next you will learn principles, tips, and techniques for using the essential element of light in ambient/natural settings. the flash/strobe unit, whether it is built-in to your camera or an add-on hotshoe model, will finally be something you, not the camera, controls! you will prove to yourself that those former mysteries of controlled continuous and strobe lighting will no longer be mysterious, as you apply your knowledge to creation of assignment photographs in various situations. sharing those pictures in peer review will give you the opportunity to learn from your fellow photographers solutions to lighting challenges, and to gain insight into your own work and creative approaches too. there is an important word to share about peer review assignments for this course. as photographers who have accomplished the quiz and photography requirements of courses one through three, you have the knowledge and capability to create quality photographs at a much higher rate of success, and in a much shorter time, than when you began. you have also proven that you are a dedicated learner, someone who has a passion for photography and is willing to put forth the extra effort necessary to accomplish your goals. this course is the last before the capstone course, in which you will be tasked with creating a project over a 2-month period of dedicated photography. the peer review photography assignments have been structured with both your advanced capabilities and dedication in mind...in other words, they will require both! be prepared to allocate more time than you have in previous courses for the assignments, because they will take more time and because you will really enjoy them! course four ends with an overview of methods for finalizing your pictures in print form, including simple but effective matting techniques, and in web page designs as well. the pleasures and perils of sharing in social media sites are also yours to discover. protecting your copyrights by understanding that concept and the ways that you can assert them, being careful about blogs and other outlets, and recognizing you are part of a community that respects the individuals creative effort, well that is important knowledge to have in preparation for the capstone too! lets get started with module one! the content of a photograph . light fundamentals 1.0: people, places, things under ambient light . light fundamentals 2.0: people, places, things under controlled light . finishing pictures: options for showing and sharing null null"
mooc	course		reason and persuasion: thinking through three dialogues by plato	"null in this course we study the ancient, socratic art of blowing up your beliefs as you go, to make sure theyre built to last. we spend six weeks studying three platonic dialogues - euthyphro, meno, republic book i - then two weeks pondering a pair of footnotes to plato: contemporary moral theory and moral psychology. platonic? socratic? socrates was the teacher, but he said he never did. plato was the student who put words in his teachers mouth. youll get a feel for it. we have a book: the new 4th edition of reason and persuasion, by the instructor (and his wife, belle waring, the translator.) it contains the plato you need, plus introductory material and in-depth, chapter-length commentaries. (dont worry! john holbo knows better than to read his book to the camera. the videos cover the same material, but the presentation is different.) the book is offered free in pdf form - the whole thing, and individual chapter slices. it is also available in print and other e-editions. see the course content for links and information. the course is suitable for beginning students of plato and philosophy, but is intended to offer something to more advanced students as well. we seek new, odd angles on old, basic angles. tricky! the strategy is to make a wide-ranging, interdisciplinary approach. lots of contemporary connections, to make the weird bits intuitive; plus plenty of ancient color, still bright after all these years. so: arguments and ideas, new possibilities, old stories, fun facts. plus cartoons. the results can get elaborate (some book chapters and some lesson videos run long.) but each video comes with a brief summary of its contents. the lessons progress. i put them in this order for reasons. but theres no reason you cant skip over and around to find whatever seems most interesting. there are any number of self-contained mini-courses contained in this 8-week course. you are welcome to them. plato has meant different things to different people. hes got his own ideas, no doubt. (also, his own ideas.) but these have, over the centuries, been worn into crossing paths for other feet; been built up into new platforms for projecting other voices. (plato did it to socrates, so fair is fair.) so your learning outcome should be: arrival somewhere interesting, in your head, where you havent been before. i wouldnt presume to dictate more exactly. platos euthyphro i: bad dads, good arguments . platos euthyphro ii: two problems . platos meno: what is virtue? . platos meno: virtue - geometry - virtue. . platos republic, book i: again, with fathers and sons . platos republic, book i: thrasymachus. . moral psychology . ethics and ethnos null null"
mooc	course		recovering the humankinds past and saving the universal heritage	"null archaeology is, among human sciences, the discipline with the strongest importance for the rediscovery, but also for the preservation and protection of cultural heritage, as humankinds universal patrimony. you will be introduced to the way we ourselves reflect on and are engaged with the study of human past: from the practical and material recovery of ancient traces in the field to the study and interpretation. on the other hand, the discovery of human past implies the correct conservation and presentation for both experts and general public: the study and protection of the past we share every day prevent from any possible destruction, misuse, abuse and thus cancellation of human memory. recovering the humankinds past and saving the universal heritage presents to a large public archaeology as a historical discipline: through an inter-disciplinary perspective you will follow the evolution and change of archaeology to the moment when natural sciences contributed to make the historical reconstructions scientifically sound; the aid of informatics and of virtual reconstructions gives new fascination to the already strong suggestion of archaeology, as the discipline of discovery par excellence. within this frame, ebla, which is the glory of the sapienza school of oriental archaeology, will have an exemplary meaning in the course development as a long lasting experience on the field and an excellent example of the scientific results of combined researches and disciplines. moreover, the course will focus on actual, innovative instruments to preserve, monitor and give value to cultural heritage through a multidisciplinary approach, based on a deep archaeological and historical knowledge but also on ict technologies. the wide adoption of ict technologies in our daily life is also impacting in the way in which we interact with our cultural heritage in particular in terms of preservation and dissemination of cultural objects. in this course you will learn the basic techniques to digitize cultural objects and obtain 3d digital copies of a physical objects such as statues, vases or archaeological sites. we will also discuss how to structure the raw data in order to facilitate and make effective the access to digital contents. in particular, we will present the european data model, a framework for collecting, connecting and enriching data on cultural objects provided by a number of museum, archives, sites and libraries in europe. course information &amp; collaborative activities . week 1 - the recovery of the human past and the protection of the universal heritage. . week 2 - the birth of archaeology and its role in the contemporary world. . week 3 - the birth of archaeology and its role in the contemporary world. . week 4 - the birth of archaeology and its role in the contemporary world. . week 5 - the birth of archaeology and its role in the contemporary world. . week 6 - digitizing cultural objects and 3d virtual reconstruction . week 7 - digitizing cultural objects and 3d virtual reconstruction . week 8 - digitizing cultural objects and 3d virtual reconstruction null null"
mooc	course		principles of computing (part 2)	"null this two-part course introduces the basic mathematical and programming principles that underlie much of computer science. understanding these principles is crucial to the process of creating efficient and well-structured solutions for computational problems. to get hands-on experience working with these concepts, we will use the python programming language. the main focus of the class will be weekly mini-projects that build upon the mathematical and programming principles that are taught in the class. to keep the class fun and engaging, many of the projects will involve working with strategy-based games. in part 2 of this course, the programming portion of the class will focus on concepts such as recursion, assertions, and invariants. the mathematical portion of the class will focus on searching, sorting, and recursive data structures. upon completing this course, you will have a solid foundation in the principles of computation and programming. this will prepare you for the next course in the specialization, which will begin to introduce a structured approach to developing and analyzing algorithms. developing such algorithmic thinking skills will be critical to writing large scale software and solving real world computational problems. searching and data structures . recursion . trees . modeling, assertions, and invariants null null"
mooc	course		process improvement	"null gain practical skills for analyzing and improving work processes and for organizing initiatives for continuous improvement of processes. learn how to plan and execute process improvements with frameworks and techniques from six sigma and lean management initiatives. this course is part of the imba offered by the university of illinois, a flexible, fully-accredited online mba at an incredibly competitive price. for more information, please see the resource page in this course and onlinemba.illinois.edu. course overview . module 1: fundamentals of continuous improvement . module 2: managing the continuous improvement initiative . module 3: root cause analysis . module 4: achieving and sustaining improvements . course conclusion null null"
mooc	course		project management capstone	"null this capstone project is designed to allow you to take the knowledge you have gained through the specialization and put that knowledge into practice. in the capstone, you will create several of the key planning deliverables that have been discussed in these courses and either work on a project you choose or use a suggested case study. you will begin the capstone project by writing part of the project charter. you will build on that information to define your project, and then ultimately create a schedule, budget and responses for the risks you identify. the goal is for you to use what you have learned in the previous courses and to perform your own research on how to best move forward with the capstone project. your work will be peer reviewed by your classmates. in turn you will peer review the work of other classmates. instructions on how to conduct peer reviews will be included in the course. upon completing this series, you will be able to (1) write a narrative charter statement, (2) create a work breakdown structure, (3) sequence project activities,(4) build a project schedule, (5) create a project budget, (6) create a responsibility assignment matrix, (7) identify project risks and (8) define responses for those risks.  null null"
mooc	course		fundamentals of project planning and management	"null projects are all around us. virtually every organization runs projects, either formally or informally. we are engaged in projects at home and at work. across settings, planning principles and execution methodologies can offer ways in which projects can be run more effectively and efficiently. project management provides organizations (and individuals) with the language and the frameworks for scoping projects, sequencing activities, utilizing resources, and minimizing risks. this is an introductory course on the key concepts of planning and executing projects. we will identify factors that lead to project success, and learn how to plan, analyze, and manage projects. learners will be exposed to state-of-the-art methodologies and to considering the challenges of various types of projects. welcome to the world of projects . the ins and outs of project planning . its a risky world and then the unexpected happened . ready, set, go: project execution null null"
mooc	course		public policy challenges of the 21st century	"null this course introduces class participants to the political significance and societal consequences of challenges facing u.s. and international policymakers. it is designed to help participants develop skills to analyze policy proposals and advocate for their preferred options for issues on the public policy agenda ahead. the class assumes basic knowledge about governing institutions and democratic processes, while recommending supplemental materials for further study to complement reading links provided. the course focuses on future policy challenges, while examining the broad historical context in which policies are adopted and implemented. as the course evaluates how issues are advanced by private sector interests, non-governmental organizations, and government policymakers, it examines how groups become effective policy advocates. particular attention is paid to how winning coalitions are formed and how issue framing shapes the outcome of policy campaigns. the goal is neither to produce partisan talking points, nor to favor one governance philosophy over others. rather it is to clarify the public policy challenges ahead and to enhance participants understanding of how policy options are adopted in the real world arena of contemporary politics. coming soon, you will be able to join signature track, a system that verifies your identity when you take an exam. this option will allow you to earn a verified certificate, which provides formal recognition of your achievements in the course and includes the university of virginia logo. before then, you can complete a test run of the exam. you can then re-take the exam after the verified certificate becomes available. for information regarding verified certificates, see https://courserahelp.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/201212399-verified-certificates course roadmap . public policy challenges in the 21st century . the media and changing nature of politics . healthcare systems and insurance markets . federalism and the power of state governors . us-china relations . congress and politics . war powers . wrapping up - positive change and closing null null"
mooc	course		qualitative research methods	"null in this course you will be introduced to the basic ideas behind the qualitative research in social science. you will learn about data collection, description, analysis and interpretation in qualitative research. qualitative research often involves an iterative process. we will focus on the ingredients required for this process: data collection and analysis. you wont learn how to use qualitative methods by just watching videos, so we put much stress on collecting data through observation and interviewing and on analysing and interpreting the collected data in other assignments. obviously, the most important concepts in qualitative research will be discussed, just as we will discuss quality criteria, good practices, ethics, writing some methods of analysis, and mixing methods. we hope to take away some prejudice, and enthuse many students for qualitative research. philosophy of qualitative research . observation . good practices &amp; criteria . qualitative interviewing . qualitative analysis . writing, mixing &amp; ethics . catch up week . exam week null null"
mooc	course		introduction to recommender systems	"null recommender systems have changed the way people find products, information, and even other people. they study patterns of behavior to know what someone will prefer from among a collection of things he has never experienced. the technology behind recommender systems has evolved over the past 20 years into a rich collection of tools that enable the practitioner or researcher to develop effective recommenders. we will study the most important of those tools, including how they work, how to use them, how to evaluate them, and their strengths and weaknesses in practice. the algorithms we will study include content-based filtering, user-user collaborative filtering, item-item collaborative filtering, dimensionality reduction, and interactive critique-based recommenders. the approach will be hands-on, with six week projects, each of which will involve implementation and evaluation of some type of recommender. in addition to topical lectures, this course includes interviews and guest lectures with experts from both academia and industry. beginning in february 2015, you will be able to earn a verified certificate by verifying your identity via a webcam and a government-issued id. this option will provide formal recognition of your achievements in the course and includes the university of minnesota logo. before then, you can complete a test run of the exam. you can then re-take the exam after the verified certificate becomes available. for information regarding verified certificates, see https://courserahelp.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/201212399-verified-certificates introduction to recommender systems . non-personalized recommenders . content-based recommenders . user-user collaborative filtering . evaluation . item based . dimensionality reduction . advanced topics null null"
mooc	course		introduction to reproduction	"null do you have questions about sex hormones or menstrual cycles? this is a crash-course in human reproductive health through fact and biology-based information on a variety of topics. sex 101 will cover reproductive anatomy, key biological changes during puberty, sexual biology and contraceptive methods, reproductive disorders, and a special introduction to the exciting field of oncofertility. specific lecture titles are as follows: 1) reproductive anatomy &amp; hormones, 2) menstrual cycle, oocyte maturation, &amp; sperm activation, 3) sexual biology, fertilization, &amp; contraception, and 4) reproductive health &amp; disorders. the objective of this course is to ensure you understand reproductive health and not confuse reproduction with sex (or having sex). this course was designed with you in mind, and is aimed at providing you with quality information that is meaningful to you and that may be hard to find otherwise. reproductive health is an area of knowledge that needs to be demystified. we have designed this course for you to examine reproduction through a biological and scientific lens addressing these issues in a comfortable and interactive format that will lead to a better understanding of holistic health, long-term. anatomy, development, and hormones . menstruation, oocyte maturation, and sperm activation . sex, sexuality, and contraception . reproductive health concerns null null"
mooc	course		robotics: perception	"null how can robots perceive the world and their own movements so that they accomplish navigation and manipulation tasks? in this module, we will study how images and videos acquired by cameras mounted on robots are transformed into representations like features and optical flow. such 2d representations allow us then to extract 3d information about where the camera is and in which direction the robot moves. you will come to understand how grasping objects is facilitated by the computation of 3d posing of objects and navigation can be accomplished by visual odometry and landmark-based localization. geometry of image formation . projective transformations . pose estimation . multi-view geometry null null"
mooc	course		the rooseveltian century	"null this course uses the lives, ideals and achievements of theodore, franklin, and eleanor roosevelt to create the idea of a rooseveltian century. it is about doing research, analyzing primary sources, and connecting all this information with a coherent and logical interpretation. it is an invitation to think critically and historically, and it wants to give you a glimpse of what it means to be a historian at work. we are convinced that the three roosevelts  the 3rs, as we will refer to them throughout this course  profoundly shaped the twentieth century. this course shows you why we think so and which paradigms, ideas, and sources we use to uphold our claim. but this course also asks you to give your opinion, and ground it on your own research findings. the structure of the course is straightforward: - an introductory module gives you the biographical information you need to connect the personal stories of the 3rs with the major events of the twentieth century; - module 2 explains how the 3rs reframed our thinking on security, broadening its meaning and reconfiguring the governments role in providing it; - module 3, focusing on equality, shows how the 3rs changed the relationship between leaders and led, rejected laissez-faire economics, and supported a politics of intervention to overcome the inequalities that undermined social cohesion; - module 4 describes how the 3rs promoted and protected the freedom of ordinary citizens, and communicated that as one of their central political goals; - module 5 summarizes the long-lasting legacies of the 3rs, and asks for your opinion on the rooseveltian century. do you agree with this interpretation of our recent past  and our possible futures? the five modules contain quizzes to test your knowledge and understanding, discussion prompts to stimulate your creativity, and research guidance and assignments to sharpen up your historical skills. we hope you will enjoy this intellectual journey! introduction . security . equality . freedom . legacies null null"
mooc	course		smart cities  management of smart urban infrastructures	"null learn about the principles of management of urban infrastructures in the era of smart cities. the introduction of smart urban technologies into legacy infrastructures has already resulted and will continue to result in numerous challenges and opportunities. this course will help you to make the best out of the introduction of these smart technologies in your cities legacy infrastructures. over the past few years, advancements in the information and communication technologies (icts) have significantly challenged the traditionally stable landscape of urban infrastructure services provision. the result is an increasing interest in the transitioning of cities towards so-called smart cities- an interest expressed both by technology vendors and public authorities. although such smart technologies can provide immense opportunities for citizens and for service providers alike, the icts often act as disruptive innovators of urban infrastructure service provision. in this mooc, you will gain a thorough understanding of the challenges and opportunities associated with smart urban infrastructures as well as how these infrastructures can be managed in order to deliver desirable performance in cities. more precisely, throughout this 5-week mooc you will learn about the most important principles for the management of smart urban infrastructures as well as about the application of these principles to two specific sectors, namely urban transportation and urban energy systems. the course does not have any pre-requisits. however, in order to make the best of this mooc, we strongly encourage you to enroll in our previous mooc on the management of urban infrastructures which has been widely appraised by learners. through this course, students will: - gain a deep understanding of the nature of disruptive innovations (smart technologies) in urban infrastructure systems; - learn about state-of-the-art strategies that are and can be used for smart infrastructure solutions in cities, while effectively managing the transition from legacy infrastructures to smart systems; - learn about the management of the transition phase from legacy infrastructure systems to smart cities by supporting innovations while avoiding early lock-in; and - understand the potential applications of the materials learned in this course, within the context of the management of smart urban transportation systems as well as smart urban energy systems. class workload: 2 hours / week  null null"
mooc	course		the science of the solar system	"null learn about the science behind the current exploration of the solar system in this free class. use principles from physics, chemistry, biology, and geology to understand the latest from mars, comprehend the outer solar system, ponder planets outside our solar system, and search for habitability in our neighborhood and beyond. this course is generally taught at an advanced level assuming a prior knowledge of undergraduate math and physics, but the majority of the concepts and lectures can be understood without these prerequisites. the quizzes and final exam are designed to make you think critically about the material you have learned rather than to simply make you memorize facts. the class is expected to be challenging but rewarding. unit 1: water on mars (week 1) . unit 1: water on mars (week 2) . unit 1: water on mars (week 3) . unit 2: the insides of giant planets (week 1) . unit 2: the insides of giant planets (week 2) . unit 3: big questions from small bodies (week 1) . unit 3: big questions from small bodies (week 2) . unit 4: life in the solar system (week 1) . unit 4: life in the solar system and beyond (week 2) . final exam null null"
mooc	course		municipal solid waste management in developing countries	"null have you come across large piles of garbage in neighborhoods and streets, or smelly waste disposal sites polluting the environment of low and middle income countries? are you also convinced that improvements are necessary and do you want to know what kind of sustainable solutions are appropriate to better manage waste and enhance recycling and recovery? if yes, this course is for you! this course provides an overview of the municipal solid waste management situation in developing countries covering key elements of the waste management system, with its technical, environmental, social, financial and institutional aspects. besides understanding the challenges you will learn about appropriate and already applied solutions through selected case studies. the course also covers strategic planning and policy issues discussing future visions for waste management and the aspect of a circular and green economy. considering the importance of the organic waste fraction, the course covers several organic waste treatment technology options such as composting, anaerobic digestion, and some other innovative approaches. statement of accomplishment this course offers free statements of accomplishment (soa) issued by eawag. you can earn a soa by successfully completing the quizzes and the final exam. please be aware that this soa is not a paid course certificate issued by coursera &amp; epfl. mooc series sanitation, water and solid waste for development this course is one of four in the series sanitation, water and solid waste for development. please visit the course page for more information. week 1: introduction to solid waste management in developing countries . week 2: introduction to solid waste management in developing countries . week 3: organic waste treatment technologies . week 4: organic waste treatment technologies . week 5: assessment and planning methods for solid waste management null null"
mooc	course		"speak english professionally: in person, online &amp; on the phone"	"null do you want to speak better english? this course will help you reach that goal. speak english professionally: in person, online and on the phone will boost your english speaking skills. in this 5 week course, you will learn how to identify and make a strong personal introduction. you will develop and demonstrate the speaking skills for group discussions: how to agree or disagree, how to clarify, restate and summarize. you will review and practice how to give information and respond to requests on the phone. you will study and role play effective interviewing. you will prepare and give a sales pitch, introducing a product or service. throughout the course, you will change how you speak english and you will become more fluent and accurate when you speak. you will demonstrate culturally appropriate body language and tone. as you work through the course, you will complete self- and peer-evaluations. through a combination of lectures, comprehension and vocabulary quizzes, practice and performance, youll gain the skills and confidence to communicate well in english, anywhere in the world. by the end of this course you will:  change how you speak english  improve your pronunciation and fluency  increase your english vocabulary  identify how culture influences your speech  use culture to help you speak correctly  demonstrate the best body language for different cultural settings  know statements, questions and responses for different settings and situations communicate in person: the power of face to face connections . meet and talk online . powerful phone talk . keys to a strong interview . put it all together: presentations null null"
mooc	course		"english for science, technology, engineering, and mathematics"	"null welcome to english for science, technology, engineering, and mathematics! this course is designed for non-native english speakers who are interested in improving their english skills in the sciences. in this course, you will explore some of the most innovative areas of scientific study, while expanding your vocabulary and the language skills needed to share scientific information within your community. in unit 1, you will learn how the scientific method can be used to explore climate change. in unit 2, you will examine research on alternative energy sources. the next unit in the course will focus on the impact of climate change, while unit 4 will explore the applications of nanotechnology. in the final unit of the course, you will demonstrate your increased understanding of stem topics by through a culminating final project on a science experiment of your choice. anyone may take this course for free and get a statement of accomplishment issued by the university of pennsylvania. if you want to get a coursera verified certificate for free, please fill out the financial aid form. development of this course was funded by the u.s. department of state bureau of educational and cultural affairs office of english language programs. unless otherwise noted, all course materials are available for re-use, repurposing and free distribution under a creative commons 4.0 attribution license.  null null"
mooc	course		strategic leadership and management capstone	"null the capstone is a strategic leadership and management plan where youll apply what you will learn to an actual business situation with participation by one or more focal companies. the deliverable will be designed to create value from the perspective of potential employers while achieving pedagogical and experiential goals for learners. this course is part of the imba offered by the university of illinois, a flexible, fully-accredited online mba at an incredibly competitive price. for more information, please see the resource page in this course and onlinemba.illinois.edu.  null null"
mooc	course		business strategy	"null in this course you will learn how organizations create, capture, and maintain value, and how it is fundamental for sustainable competitive advantage. you will be able to better understand value creation and capture, and learn the tools to analyze both competition and cooperation from a variety of perspectives, including the industry level (e.g., five forces analysis), and the firm level (e.g., business models and strategic positioning).  understand how managers coordinate different functional areas, resources, and systems inside a company and align them with the external environment to enhance overall performance  knowledge of strategic management tools and frameworks, and apply them to real business contexts process diverse business and industry information to diagnose strategic issues, evaluate strategic alternatives, and formulate a coherent and actionable strategic plan  how to think like a ceo, entrepreneur, or general manager. this course is part of the imba offered by the university of illinois, a flexible, fully-accredited online mba at an incredibly competitive price. for more information, please see the resource page in this course and onlinemba.illinois.edu. course orientation . module 1: leading strategically . module 2: external analysis . module 3: internal analysis and competitive advantage . module 4: strategic positioning and strategic renewal null null"
mooc	course		applying to u.s. universities	"null it depends. that is what youll hear when asking about the u.s. university admission process. with over 4,000 universities in the united states and no standard application system, the u.s. admission process can be confusing for everyone, but especially for students applying from other countries. this course will help international students (non-u.s. citizens) and non-native english speakers navigate the u.s. university admission process by offering practical information about the documents and pieces that make up a u.s. university application. more importantly, admission officers will discuss how they use those pieces to decide who is accepted and who is denied, so that you can understand the process beyond the pieces. by the end of this course, you will understand application basics that include researching schools, creating a school list, and establishing an application plan. this course will not answer all of your application questions, but it will teach you to ask the right questions of yourself and the universities. ultimately, you will have all the information you need to start your process the right way, putting you on the path to acceptance. * please note, while the english language programs are part of the university of pennsylvania, this is not a course about applying to penn. furthermore, this course is intended for international students educated in the national curriculum of their country. while other students are welcome to enroll, the course is not intended for american students or students studying in an american, international baccalaureate, or advanced placement curriculum. the course is also intended for students who do not have access to university counseling  if you attend a school that offers university counseling, your counselor is the best source of information on applying to university. finally, this course is for undergraduate (bachelors degree) freshmen (students who have not attended any university) applicants. undergraduate transfer applicants, students who have attended a university, will find some of the information helpful, but graduate (masters and doctoral) applicants will not. the u.s. admissions process . self-assessment . research &amp; planning . the pieces of your application . admission officials interview series null null"
mooc	course		introduction to sustainability	"null this course introduces the academic approach of sustainability and explores how todays human societies can endure in the face of global change, ecosystem degradation and resource limitations. the course focuses on key knowledge areas of sustainability theory and practice, including population, ecosystems, global change, energy, agriculture, water, environmental economics and policy, ethics, and cultural history. this subject is of vital importance, seeking as it does to uncover the principles of the long-term welfare of all the peoples of the planet. as sustainability is a cross-disciplinary field of study, this foundation requires intellectual breadth: as i describe it in the class text, understanding our motivations requires the humanities, measuring the challenges of sustainability requires knowledge of the sciences (both natural and social), and building solutions requires technical insight into systems (such as provided by engineering, planning, and management). orientation and introduction . population . ecosystems and climate change . energy . water and agriculture . environmental policy . measuring sustainability . conclusion null null"
mooc	course		"synapses, neurons and brains"	"null these are very unique times for brain research. the aperitif for the course will thus highlight the present brain-excitements worldwide. you will then become intimately acquainted with the operational principles of neuronal life-ware (synapses, neurons and the networks that they form) and consequently, on how neurons behave as computational microchips and how they plastically and constantly change - a process that underlies learning and memory. recent heroic attempts to realistically simulate large cortical networks in the computer will be highlighted (e.g., the blue brain project) and processes related to perception, cognition and emotions in the brain will be discussed. for dessert we will deliberate on the future of brain research, including the questions of brain and art, consciousness and free will. for more information see the course promo below and read about the course. brain excitements for the 21st century . the materialistic mind - your brains ingredients . electrifying brains passive electrical signals . electrifying brains  active electrical spikes . neurons as plastic/dynamic devices . cable theory and dendritic computations . cortical networks - out of the blue project . perception, action, cognition and emotions . from synapses to free will? . course conclusion null null"
mooc	course		systems thinking in public health	"null this course provides an introduction to systems thinking and systems models in public health. problems in public health and health policy tend to be complex with many actors, institutions and risk factors involved. if an outcome depends on many interacting and adaptive parts and actors the outcome cannot be analyzed or predicted with traditional statistical methods. systems thinking is a core skill in public health and helps health policymakers build programs and policies that are aware of and prepared for unintended consequences. an important part of systems thinking is the practice to integrate multiple perspectives and synthesize them into a framework or model that can describe and predict the various ways in which a system might react to policy change. systems thinking and systems models devise strategies to account for real world complexities. this work was coordinated by the alliance for health policy and systems research, the world health organization, with the aid of a grant from the international development research centre, ottawa, canada. additional support was provided by the department for international development (dfid) through a grant (po5467) to future health systems research consortium.  world health organization 2014 all rights reserved. the designations employed and the presentation of the material in this publication do not imply the expression of any opinion whatsoever on the part of the world health organization concerning the legal status of any country, territory, city or area or of its authorities, or concerning the delimitation of its frontiers or boundaries. dotted and dashed lines on maps represent approximate border lines for which there may not yet be full agreement. the mention of specific companies or of certain manufacturers products does not imply that they are endorsed or recommended by the world health organization in preference to others of a similar nature that are not mentioned. errors and omissions excepted, the names of proprietary products are distinguished by initial capital letters. all reasonable precautions have been taken by the world health organization to verify the information contained in this publication. however, the published material is being distributed without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied. the responsibility for the interpretation and use of the material lies with the reader. in no event shall the world health organization be liable for damages arising from its use. johns hopkins university bloomberg school of public health has a non-exclusive license to use and reproduce the material. introduction to systems thinking and complex adaptive systems . system conceptualization using causal loop diagrams . system dynamics simulation using stock-and-flow diagrams . practical and policy implications null null"
mooc	course		english for teaching purposes	"null thinking about teaching your university subject in english but its not the language you normally use? then, english for teaching purposes is the course for you. a course on english and teaching methodology that aims to help university lecturers do their teaching in english, in line with university internationalisation policies. the course structure is the same for all learners and there are opportunities for them to link up with colleagues from universities all over the world who share the same discipline and discourse community, to ask questions and exchange ideas. this mooc targets lecturers who wish to begin using english in their teaching. a priori, this means university lecturers from countries where english is not the l1 or a widely-used language (romance language-speaking countries, for example), though in fact the course is open to teachers from all educational stages who want to teach through english, following the principles of emi (english medium instruction). on completing the course, you should be able to do the following. a) teach a university subject in english, having gained the necessary confidence and skills. b) integrate all aspects of clil (methodological, pedagogical, strategic, attitudinal, motivational, linguistic, sociolinguistic and pragmatic) to put together their own english-medium course on their particular subject. c) describe the characteristics of the university lecture discourse genre (planning, agents, channels, phases, dynamics, and current flexibility of the genre). d) understand and perform the basic linguistic macro-functions within english teaching discourse. e) understand and perform, using the appropriate linguistic exponents (vocabulary, structures, and phraseology), the main micro-functions in english teaching discourse: metalinguistic, informative, evaluative, inductive, and social. f) consolidate their oral expression and interaction skills, and their grammar and vocabulary, at english levels c1 and c2 as defined by the council of europe. english for teaching purposes is a course provided by the language service at the universitat autnoma de barcelona (uab). unit 1. implications for lecturers switching to english as the classroom language . unit 2. functions related to delivering courses through english (1) . unit 3. functions related to delivering courses through english (2) . unit 4. recording your class null null"
mooc	course		foundations of teaching for learning 3: learners and learning	"null the teachers work becomes meaningful when it is informed by research and theories of learning, and their relationship to actual practice. this course provides an opportunity for you to identify and understand students expectations and prior learning. announcement for us based teachers: coursera and its partners are proud to offer eligible teachers in the us free course certificates for this course and other high-quality teacher professional development courses, through the connected effort announced by president obama. to participate in this opportunity, us district leaders simply need to approve coursera teacher professional development by completing a brief form at: www.coursera.org/tpd. us teachers interested in this opportunity are also encouraged to follow the link to learn more and www.coursera.org/tpd. once a districts form has been verified, the district leader will be notified and teachers in the district will receive access to free verified certificates for coursera professional development. coursera and the commonwealth education trust thank educators for the hard work they do every day and hope this opportunity will assist us teachers to continue developing their craft in a meaningful and flexible way. the lives of children . how children learn . engaging with students . the power of the peer group . learning that travels . four key thinkers null null"
mooc	course		terrorism and counterterrorism: comparing theory and practice	"null terrorism has arguably been one of the defining factors of our age. it frequently makes headlines, threatening or attacking governments, private business and ordinary citizens. and in many parts of the world, it has been one of the most important threats to peace, security and stability. but what does this exactly mean? what is the nature of this threat? who or what is threatened, how, by whom and why? what can be done about it or how can we at least limit the impact of terrorism and make sure that terrorists do not make headlines and manage to scare us? these are just a handful of questions that will be addressed in this course that consists of three parts. first it focuses on the essence of terrorism as an instrument to achieve certain goals, in addition to an exploration of this phenomenon and the difficulties in defining it. the second part provides an overview of the state of the art in (counter) terrorism studies. since 9/11 terrorism studies have grown exponentially, reflecting the rise in perceived threats. but what has academia come up with? what theories, assumptions and conventional wisdom has it produced that could be of help in understanding terrorism and dealing with it? the most interesting results are examined and compared with empirical evidence with the aim to either stress their importance or to debunk them as myths. the final part looks into the implications and possibilities for policy making. testimonials of students who completed this course: ive been studying one particular aspect of the field for about fifteen years now, but lacked the sort of wider context that this course has provided. and ive made contacts here that i hope will develop into friendships. -charles cameron, 69, blogger religious studies, uk this has been a wonderfully enriching experience. i have learned a lot, and have especially appreciated the worldwide perspectives of the class found in the discussion forum. being in this class has helped me open up the subject to discussion with colleagues and friends, which has led to interesting and insightful conversations. the class materials were effective and polished. the peer reviewed assignments were challenging and fun. this was my first mooc, but certainly not my last! -joella givens, 50, gis manager at a state government department of transportation, usa the theoretical aspect was similar to the one offered by well respected universities for introductory courses on terrorism. for just 5 weeks, i think this course covered a lot of ground. furthermore, i really enjoyed the discussion forums. (...)in addition, i found excellent recommendations on books, articles, documentaries, all of great quality. -arete ketekidou, 32, research/analyst, greece i like very much the freedom we have to study, this is the best incentive, not only because we can express our ideas on forums freely and manage our own time, also because professor bakker has not been imposing his ideology on this topic. we receive different information to formulate our own position. -valeria hernndez reyes, 28, environmental engineer, mexico welcome . definition and essence of terrorism . researching terrorism and counterterrorism . 5 assumptions on terrorism . 5 assumptions on counterterrorism . dealing with terrorism and the future . making headlines today - foreign fighters . about us &amp; further exploration null null"
mooc	course		the music of the beatles	"null the music of the beatles will track the musical development of the band, starting from the earliest days in liverpool and hamburg, moving through the excitement of beatlemania, the rush of psychedelia, and the maturity of abbey road. while the focus will be on the music, we will also consider how recording techniques, the music business, the music of other artists, and the culture of the 1960s affected john, paul, george, and ringo as they created the beatles repertory. there is probably no band or artist that has had more written about their music than the beatles. there are many good books on the bands biography, several insider accounts offering glimpses behind the scenes, books that interpret the meaning of the songs, and even books that catalog dates and people regarding the band. this course will try to synthesize much of that information into an account of the beatles development as musicians and songwriters. introduction and special features . early day and success in the uk . success in america and the world . pop maturity . psychedelia . a co-op of singer-songwriters . get back null null"
mooc	course		introduction to typography	"null typography is the art of manipulating the visual form of language to enrich and control its meaning. its an essential area of skill and knowledge for graphic designers. typography predates modern graphic design by around 500 years; it is rich in rules, conventions, and esoteric terminologybut it remains an exciting space for invention and expression. in this rigorous introductory course, we will study, name, and measure the characteristics of letterforms. well consider the pragmatic concerns involved in selecting and combining type. well peek into the rich historical, cultural, and aesthetic histories of familiar typefaces. well discuss time-tested conventions and best practices in setting type, as governed by principles of hierarchy and spatial organization. and well explore the expressive, meaning-making potential of type. informative lectures will be complemented by a series of three peer-assessed assignments, culminating in an opportunity to design a full-scale typographic poster. please note that this is not a software course; a basic working knowledge of adobe indesign or other page layout software will be assumed. you will need access to a computer and page layout software, such as indesign, to complete the assignments. week 1: talking type . week 2: typefaces and their stories . week 3: putting type to work . week 4: making meaningful type null null"
mooc	course		understanding terrorism and the terrorist threat	"null the national consortium for the study of terrorism and responses to terrorism (start), a department of homeland security center of excellence housed at the university of maryland, offers a course looking at the who, what and how of terrorism studies, by introducing students to cutting-edge research from the social and behavioral sciences and the experts investigating these topics. the course will begin with a unit looking at widely held myths about terrorism and utilizing empirical data to discuss the realities of broad trends and patterns in terrorist attacks over time. the course will then review the psychological factors at play in individual radicalization and recruitment into terrorism, followed by an analysis of terrorist group dynamics. the course will next look at terrorist group operations, including their attacks and some of the supporting behaviors that allow them to carry out attacks, including use of media, financing, recruitment, and training. the course will conclude by looking at the factors that drive terrorist group persistence or endurance versus terrorist group desistance, and will bring the varied course concepts together through a detailed look at the case of al-qaida. throughout the course, students will have the opportunity to study and work with the university of marylands global terrorism database (gtd), the largest database of terrorist incidents in the world, learning its capabilities and developing basic skills in searching and displaying terrorism data. introduction . module 1: how do we study terrorism? . module 2: individual radicalization . module 3: terrorist group dynamics . module 4: terrorist operations . module 5: al-qaida case study null null"
mooc	course		critical issues in urban education	"null urban school reform in the united states is characterized by contentious, politicized debate. this course explores a set of critical issues in the education and educational reform space, with a focus on aspects of the field that have sparked controversy and polarized views. we will dig into these debates, situating them within the larger history of public education and school reform, and considering the viewpoints, the evidence, and translation of issues into educational policy. we will consider three broad topics in this course: 1. federal strategies in school reform: how has the federal government legislated and incented public school reform? 2. school choice: how does school choice aim to improve schools? 3. accountability: what is the history of accountability in american public schooling? what are the policies and practices associated with accountability? learning goals this course will enable participants to: 1. develop an informed historical perspective about public schooling in the united states; 2. understand the unique contextual elements of the american approach to public schooling; 3. analyze and assess divergent viewpoints about american public school history and school reform policy. teachers may be able to receive continuing education credit for successful completion of this course. to earn continuing education credits students must purchase and earn the course certificate, which they can then submit to the credit-issuing agency in their state. students should also fill out the requisite paperwork stating that the affiliated provider is the graham school at the university of chicago, and that average time for certificate-level course completion is 18 hours. students outside of illinois should contact their states accreditation board to determine whether this course is eligible for continuing education credit. note that it is up to the schools or districts that employ teachers to decide whether this course meet their requirements. american public education: critical issues &amp; historical context . the no child left behind act . the common core state standards . interlude 1: interview and panel discussion on nclb and ccss . summarizing debates around school choice . charter schools . interlude 2: interview and panel discussion on school choice and charter schools . school accountability: history, theory of action, policy . teacher effectiveness and evaluation . conclusion and final assignment null null"
mooc	course		world design for video games	"null start creating your world. a game world is not just a backdrop for your gamebe it minimal or detailed, contained or part of a much bigger universe, it provides the context for your player. ultimately, a game world should feel alive and wholly unique to any player who will experience it. in this course, we will explore game worlds in existing games and study the art and influences that inform their themes and styles. we will also investigate key components of environment and level design as well as strategies designers use to define gameplay or advance it. well also look at navigation and the elements that make your world as real (or unreal) as you want it to be. a weekly challenge will prompt you to explore styles and inspirations for possible game worlds, and youll learn effective ways to communicate your ideas from concepts to presentation-worthy proofs of concept. introduction to world design . do your research . the way you move . a whole world null null"
mooc	course		vital signs: understanding what the body is telling us	"null the vital signs  heart rate, blood pressure, body temperature, respiration rate, and pain  communicate important information about the physiological status of the human body. in this six-part course we explore the anatomy and physiology underlying the vital signs so that you will develop a systematic, integrated understanding of how the body functions. relevant body systems are reviewed including cardiovascular and respiratory, followed by explanations of how the function of these systems affects vital signs. we discuss normal ranges, normal variants, and the mechanisms that underlie changes in the objective measurement of vital signs. the course also includes demonstrations of appropriate techniques for measuring vital signs in yourself and others. the course is designed for a broad, general audience but will be particularly interesting for individuals working in healthcare, those considering a career as a healthcare professional, lay caregivers, those with an interest in personal health and fitness, or anyone who simply wants to understand how the body functions. week 1: pulse/heart rate . week 2: blood pressure . week 3: metabolism . week 4: temperature . week 5: respiration rate . week 6: pain null null"
mooc	course		viral marketing and how to craft contagious content	"null ever wondered why some things become popular, and other dont? why some products becomes hits while others flop? why some ideas take off while others languish? what are the key ideas behind viral marketing? this course explains how things catch on and helps you apply these ideas to be more effective at marketing your ideas, brands, or products. youll learn how to make ideas stick, how to increase your influence, how to generate more word of mouth, and how to use the power of social networks to spread information and influence. drawing on principles from his best-selling book, contagious: why things catch on, professor jonah berger illustrates successful strategies for you to use buzz to create virality so that your campaigns become more shareable on social media and elsewhere. by the end of this course, youll have a better understanding of how to craft contagious content, build stickier messages, and get any product, idea, or behavior to catch on. what makes ideas sticky? . how social influence shapes behavior . the power of word of mouth . social networks null null"
mooc	course		more introduction to financial accounting	"null the course builds on my introduction to financial accounting course, which you should complete first. in this course, you will learn how to read, understand, and analyze most of the information provided by companies in their financial statements. these skills will help you make more informed decisions using financial information. week 5: introduction and working capital assets . week 6: long-lived assets and marketable securities . week 007: liabilities and long-term debt . week 8: deferred taxes . week 9: shareholders equity . week 10: financial statement analysis null null"
mooc	course		the science of training young athletes	"null seventy percent of kids drop out of sports before their high school graduation. only 15% leave because they feel they are not good enough. almost 70% leave because they were not having fun, or due to problems with the coach. injuries cause 30% to give up sports. this course is packed full of practical sports science information that provide youth coaches and parents with the practical pediatric sports science insights to successfully retain young athletes and develop their sport potential while avoiding injury and overtraining. we begin by examining the multidimensional nature of coaching, the relevant sport motor performance abilities, the impact of growth and development on motor skills, the gene versus practice controversy, and briefly overview the body structures strengthened through training. then we explore the athletes energy supply, where this energy comes from, and how it matures along with the athlete. finally, we examine the development of strength, power, anaerobic capacity, coordination and flexibility through the life span. week 1: introduction to the young athlete . week 2: strategies for maximizing the athletes potential . week 3: how the body works . week 4: enhancing the athletes physical work capacity . week 5: enhancing the fluidity of movement null null"
mooc	course		gestion des aires protges en afrique	"null tlchargez le manuel dutilisation du mooc : en franais (http://papaco.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/guide-mooc_fr.pdf) ou en anglais (http://papaco.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/guide-mooc_eng.pdf). ce cours porte sur les zones qui sont ddies  la protection de la nature, les aires protges : comment elles fonctionnent et pourquoi elles sont si importantes dans le maintien de la sant de lenvironnement de notre monde en plein dveloppement, et plus particulirement en afrique. il vous aidera  comprendre les dfis de la conservation en afrique et comment les aires protges peuvent aider  y faire face, du niveau local  lchelle internationale. lobjectif est de dcouvrir et comprendre comment amliorer la gouvernance et la gestion de ces territoires uniques. le cours fournit une connaissance globale des lments cls de la gestion et de la gouvernance des aires protges en afrique. dans chacun des sept modules du cours, nous abordons un thme clef relatif  la conservation de la nature au travers des aires protges. nous verrons les concepts  comprendre au pralable, la planification,  toutes ses chelles, la gouvernance et ses multiples ressorts, lefficacit de la gestion pour de meilleurs impacts, les techniques  employer sur le terrain, le financement de la conservation et enfin lactualit brlante du moment. nous parlerons damnagement du territoire, de transfrontalier, de connectivit, de surveillance, de restauration des sites, dducation environnementale, dquit, de services des cosystmes, de populations locales, de tourisme, de climat, daires marines protges, de conventions internationales bref de tout ce quil faut connatre pour pouvoir conserver durablement ces aires protges. de nombreux intervenants prendront la parole et viendront illustrer par leur exprience de terrain les cours coordonns par les quatre intervenants principaux, partenaires du rescif : paul ndiaye, de lucad  dakar, paul ouedraogo, du secrtariat de la convention ramsar, sylvie goyet qui a dirig la fondation internationale du banc darguin et geoffroy mauvais, qui est de lunion internationale pour la conservation de la nature (uicn-papaco) et collaborateur externe au collge des humanits de lepfl. le mooc est coproduit par andr hoffmann, uicn-papaco et lepfl. si vous avez des questions sur le mooc nhsitez pas  consulter le guide du mooc (en franais : http://papaco.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/guide-mooc_fr.pdf et en anglais : http://papaco.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/guide-mooc_eng.pdf). faq q : quelles sont les connaissances ncessaires pour profiter au mieux du cours ? r : le mooc a t dvelopp pour apporter une information gnrale au travers des vidos et permettre un approfondissement volontaire au travers des documents consultables. que vous soyez novice ou professionnel de la conservation, vous pourrez donc trouver le niveau dinformation qui vous intresse. q : quels sont les aspects les plus remarquables de ce cours ? r : le cours est construit sur les meilleures pratiques proposes par la commission mondiale des aires protges et fait appel  de nombreux experts pour illustrer leurs principes afin de passer de la thorie  la pratique. bien que gnral, le cours sattache  illustrer concrtement les concepts voqus. q : quelle est la spcificit de ce cours sur la conservation de la nature ? r : le cours aborde la conservation de la nature au travers de la gestion et de la gouvernance des aires protges, en prenant lexemple du continent africain. les leons apprises sont utilisables partout cependant, en les adaptant aux contextes des autres zones gographiques. q : quelles ressources sont ncessaires pour suivre le cours ? r : aucun support de cours nest ncessaire. linformation principale est prsente dans les vidos et des documents, sites web, publications sont proposs en complment. un rsum des principaux points  connatre est aussi prpar pour la plupart des thmes abords. q : comment vais-je interagir avec les autres inscrits  ce mooc ? r : un forum sera mis en place ds le dbut du cours permettant de recueillir les questions, les remarques, les critiques et les suggestions de tous. des sujets pouvant faire lobjet de dbats seront proposs et anims et les participants souhaitant rejoindre le rseau des acteurs de la conservation dj constitu par luicn-papaco pourront le faire volontairement. le mooc a aussi un groupe facebook sur lesquels tous les inscrits peuvent changer : https://www.facebook.com/groups/167668443583415/. q : quelle reconnaissance du cours si je passe tous les examens ? r : chaque module, un examen permettra de valider les connaissances acquises. les participants ayant pass avec succs tous les examens peuvent recevoir une attestation de russite de coursera. les tudiants peuvent aussi passer un examen en prsentiel, ce qui leur permettra de recevoir une attestation de lepfl et de luicn et 2 crdits universitaires (ects). q : quelles suites peut-on envisager ? r : si vous rejoignez le rseau de luicn-papaco, vous recevrez tous les mois la lettre sur les ap dafrique. ceux et celles qui auront obtenu lattestation de russite au mooc pourront aussi bnficier (sous rserve de prrequis acadmiques) dun accs privilgi aux formations en prsentiel organises par luicn-papaco (diplme duniversit en 8 semaines ou master en 2 ans). module 1 - concepts cls . module 2 - planification . module 3 - gouvernance . module 4 - efficacit des aires protges . module 5 - spcificits de la gestion des aires protges . module 6 - financement durable . module 7 : actualit de la conservation null null"
mooc	course		accounting for business decision making: measurement and operational decisions	"null accounting information is the lifeblood of the organization as it facilitates and influences operational and strategic decisions intended to achieve organizational goals. organizations benefit from three decision-oriented roles of accounting: measurement, control, and communication. this course provides an introduction to accountings measurement role inside of an organization and how accountants communicate information that helps managers and employees make operational decisions. in particular, you will learn how cost information is created and organized to help managers and employees conduct profitability analyses, develop and choose products, make pricing decisions, and make common business decisions. upon successful completion of this course, you will be able to:  identify the nature, purpose, and importance of different types of decision-useful accounting information.  create, organize, and communicate cost information to best suit common operational decisions.  use accounting information to manage products, control costs, and leverage other drivers of operational success. if you enjoy this business course and are interested in an mba, consider applying to the imba, a flexible, fully-accredited online mba at an incredibly competitive price offered by the university of illinois. for more information, please see the resource page in this course and onlinemba.illinois.edu.  null null"
mooc	course		inferential and predictive statistics for business	"null this course provides an analytical framework to help you evaluate key problems in a structured fashion and will equip you with tools to better manage the uncertainties that pervade and complicate business processes. the course aim to cover statistical ideas that apply to managers. we will consider two basic themes: first, is recognizing and describing variations present in everything around us, and then modeling and making decisions in the presence of these variations. the fundamental concepts studied in this course will reappear in many other classes and business settings. our focus will be on interpreting the meaning of the results in a business and managerial setting. while you will be introduced to some of the science of what is being taught, the focus will be on applying the methodologies. this will be accomplished through use of excel and using data sets from many different disciplines, allowing you to see the use of statistics in very diverse settings. the course will focus not only on explaining these concepts but also understanding the meaning of the results obtained. upon successful completion of this course, you will be able to:  test for beliefs about a population..  compare differences between populations.  use linear regression model for prediction.  learn how to use excel for statistical analysis. this course is part of the imba offered by the university of illinois, a flexible, fully-accredited online mba at an incredibly competitive price. for more information, please see the resource page in this course and onlinemba.illinois.edu. course orientation . module 1: hypothesis testing . module 2: statistical inference based on two samples . module 3: simple linear regression . module 4: multiple linear regression null null"
mooc	course		stanford introduction to food and health	"null around the world, we find ourselves facing global epidemics of obesity, type 2 diabetes and other predominantly diet-related diseases. to address these public health crises, we urgently need to explore innovative strategies for promoting healthful eating. there is strong evidence that global increases in the consumption of heavily processed foods, coupled with cultural shifts away from the preparation of food in the home, have contributed to high rates of preventable, chronic disease. in this course, learners will be given the information and practical skills they need to begin optimizing the way they eat. this course will shift the focus away from reductionist discussions about nutrients and move, instead, towards practical discussions about real food and the environment in which we consume it. by the end of this course, learners should have the tools they need to distinguish between foods that will support their health and those that threaten it. in addition, we will present a compelling rationale for a return to simple home cooking, an integral part of our efforts to live longer, healthier lives. view the trailer for the course here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v z7x1aaz03xu background on food &amp; nutrients . contemporary trends in eating . future directions in health - part i . future directions in health - part 2 . cooking workshop . recommended optional resources null null"
mooc	course		gathering and developing the news	"null journalists develop information through interviews and sources. the most successful journalists quickly master these important skill sets. the production of journalism relies on several elements: newsgathering, interviewing sources, researching and trying to find as much information as possible. the course will also teach you how to where to find information, interviewing skills and how to process information from various sources for publication. earning and keeping trust . types of sources . interviewing . tools for finding sourcing null null"
mooc	course		confronting gender based violence: global lessons for healthcare workers	"null this course introduces participants from the healthcare sector to gender based violence (gbv), including global epidemiology of gbv; health outcomes; seminal research; and clinical best practices for gbv prevention, support, and management. a core curriculum is supplemented by lectures that contextualize the content with specific examples and programs from around the world. the core curriculum introduces learners to a global perspective on gender based violence (gbv), and includes a review with dr. claudia garcia-moreno of the new who guidelines on responding to violence. students who wish to receive honors recognition will complete the honors module, which expands on the core material and highlights special circumstances and programs. this is an in-depth course with 2 components: 1) core curriculum introduces gbv from a global perspective, with an emphasis on ensuring a strong health sector response to gbv and teaching key competencies for social workers, physicians, nurses, midwives, community health workers, counselors, and other healthcare workers. completion of the core content is required for students to pass the course. 2) honors curriculum offered by experts from around the world helps students dive deeper into certain issues, and touches on unique populations and specialized topics. completion of honors curriculum is required for those students who wish to receive a certificate of accomplishment with honors. after taking the course, students will be able to:  describe the global epidemiology of leading forms of gbv and the evidence linking gbv to poor health.  articulate the challenges, strategies, and who guidelines for integrating gbv response within the health sector.  describe the components of a comprehensive clinical assessment, treatment, and management of a gbv survivor.  describe the appropriate psychosocial support and management of a gbv survivor. module 1  introduction to gbv- epidemiology and health impact gbv comes in a variety of forms, each with health consequences for the survivor. an understanding of these issues helps inform a comprehensive and multi-sectorial response for preventing and responding to gbv. module 2  health care response, screening, and psychosocial support recognition of health impacts of gbv has led to calls to address gbv within the health sector. support for gbv survivors extends beyond clinical exam and assessment. safety planning, harm reduction, and access to psychosocial support must be ensured. module 3  clinical care for gbv survivors caring for gbv survivors requires compassionate, confidential, and nondiscriminatory clinical assessment. competent medical and forensic examination, along with appropriate documentation, is essential. honors module  in-depth information and special topics this module provides additional materials for those who wish to explore specialized topics and gain a more advanced grasp of the complexities of addressing gender-based violence. core course topics are expanded upon, and special populations and programs are highlighted. special topics include violence in humanitarian settings, against adolescents and sex workers, and human trafficking. further information is provided on epidemiology, policy, and ethical guidelines, as well as the use of mhealth in gbv screening and care. well cover the unique challenges of gbv research, and explore programs that encourage men and boys to be engaged in the prevention of violence against women. acknowledgments this course is a project of the johns hopkins center for clinical global health education. we would like to gratefully acknowledge the following collaborators:  centre for enquiry into health and allied themes (cehat)  international center for research on womens (icrw) asia regional office  center on gender equity and health at university of california, san diego  division of global public health at university of california, san diego  world health organization  rti international  swayam  johns hopkins bloomberg school of public health, center for public health and human rights  johns hopkins bloomberg school of public health, department of population, family &amp; reproductive health  johns hopkins school of nursing this course is made possible through the generosity of the ujala foundation, the vijay &amp; marie goradia charitable foundation, and the wyncote foundation.  null null"
mooc	course		influencing people	"null this course will improve your ability to influence people in situations where you cannot use formal authority. you will learn about effective ways to build, develop, and sustain a power base in your organization. you will also learn influence tactics that enable you to be more persuasive and influential in working with your superiors, peers, and even subordinates. in addition, you will learn how to build and maintain high-quality relationships to further maximize your informal power and ability to influence others. importantly, you will distinguish between influence and manipulation and learn how to protect yourself from the unwanted influence of others. the influence strategies you learn in this course will make you a more confident and influential leader, presenter, and decision-maker. you will more effective in pitching business ideas to your superiors, influencing customers, and building coalitions across stakeholders. this course will not only give you strategic guidance on how to develop and maintain your network for influence and power, but we will also equip you with specific tactics and strategies that are proven to work for gaining power and influencing people. building your base of power . influencing people without relying on formal authority . developing highquality relationships to enhance influence and power . protect yourself from unwanted influence null null"
mooc	course		chinese for beginners	"null nowadays, there is an increasing number of people who are interested in chinese culture and language. and it is useful to know about the language when coming to china for travel or business. this is an abc chinese course for beginners, including introduction of phonetics and daily expressions. after taking this class, learners can have a basic understanding of chinese mandarin and make basic conversations of daily living such as exchanging personal information, talking about daily arrangements and food, asking about price, introducing the city and the weather, telling your hobbies etc. selected topics and situations come from real life scenarios and can be used for everyday communications. in addition to the dialogues, the selection of reading materials and practice activities will make the content as rich and varied as possible, in order to stimulate the learners interests. this is an elementary course on chinese speaking. the learners dont need to study chinese characters, so it is easier to follow and complete this course. who are you? . when do you go to school? . what do you like to eat? . i like shopping! . do you live in a big city? . how about the weather? . what is your hobby? null null"
mooc	course		capstone mooc for android app development	"null the capstone project will integrate material from throughout the specialization to exercise and assess the ability of learners to create an interesting android app by applying knowledge and skills learned in previous moocs, including java programming features, android studio tools, android activity components, material design, file i/o and data persistence, unit testing, and software patterns. the project itself will be similar in design goals to previous assignments, however it will provide less of the skeleton code than earlier moocs to encourage more creativity in learners and provide greater opportunities for learners to customize the app. the capstone project will utilize weather data obtained via concurrency and networking mechanisms, but these mechanisms will be packaged into a black-box library, so learners can produce an interesting working app on their own without having to master advanced topics. naturally, these advanced topics will be covered in greater detail in the subsequent mobile cloud computing with android specialization, which will encourage students to continue their exploration of java and the android ecosystem.  null null"
mooc	course		build your first android app (project-centered course)	"null what youll achieve: in this project-centered course*, youll design, build, and distribute your own unique application for the android mobile platform. well provide you with a set of customizable building blocks that you can assemble to create many different types of apps, and that will help you become familiar with many important specificities of android development. when you complete the project, in addition to having a personalized app that you can use and share, youll have the skills and background you need to move on to more advanced coursework in android development. what youll need to get started: this project-centered course is designed for learners who have some prior experience programming in java, such as an introductory college course or courseras java programming specialization (https://www.coursera.org/specializations/java-programming). you will need a computer with a stable internet connection, but you will not need an android phone - well use free software that you can use to emulate a phone on your computer. well use android studio as ide; it is compatible with most computer and operating systems. you can find detailed system requirements here: https://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html#requirements. *about project-centered courses: project-centered courses are designed to help you complete a personally meaningful real-world project, with your instructor and a community of learners with similar goals providing guidance and suggestions along the way. by actively applying new concepts as you learn, youll master the course content more efficiently; youll also get a head start on using the skills you gain to make positive changes in your life and career. when you complete the course, youll have a finished project that youll be proud to use and share. time: 10 hours of study, 10 hours of active project work introduction . create the storyboard for your application . install tools, create helloworld app . build your first interactive application . toward your application, step-by-step . transform your storyboard into actual application null null"
mooc	course		the arduino platform and c programming	"null the arduino is an open-source computer hardware/software platform for building digital devices and interactive objects that can sense and control the physical world around them. in this class you will learn how the arduino platform works in terms of the physical board and libraries and the ide (integrated development environment). you will also learn about shields, which are smaller boards that plug into the main arduino board to perform other functions such as sensing light, heat, gps tracking, or providing a user interface display. the course will also cover programming the arduino using c code and accessing the pins on the board via the software to control external devices. arduino environment . c programming . arduino programs . module 4 null null"
mooc	course		bioinformatics: introduction and methods : 	"null a big welcome to bioinformatics: introduction and methods from peking university! in this mooc you will become familiar with the concepts and computational methods in the exciting interdisciplinary field of bioinformatics and their applications in biology, the knowledge and skills in bioinformatics you acquired will help you in your future study and research. introduction and history of bioinformatics . sequence alignment . sequence database search . markov model . next generation sequencing (ngs): mapping of reads from resequencing and calling of genetic variants . functional prediction of genetic variants . mid-term exam . next generation sequencing: transcriptome analysis, and rna-seq . prediction and analysis of noncoding rna . ontology and identification of molecular pathways . bioinformatics database and software resources . origination of new genes . evolution function analysis of dna methyltransferase . final exam null null"
mooc	course		cloud computing concepts: part 2	"null cloud computing systems today, whether open-source or used inside companies, are built using a common set of core techniques, algorithms, and design philosophiesall centered around distributed systems. learn about such fundamental distributed computing concepts for cloud computing. some of these concepts include: clouds, mapreduce, key-value stores, classical precursors, widely-used algorithms, classical algorithms, scalability, trending areas, and more! understand how these techniques work inside todays most widely-used cloud computing systems. get your hands dirty using these concepts with provided homework exercises. in the optional programming track, implement some of these concepts in template assignments provided in c++ programming language. you will also watch interviews with leading managers and researchers, from both industry and academia.  null null"
mooc	course		"cloud computing concepts, part 1"	"null cloud computing systems today, whether open-source or used inside companies, are built using a common set of core techniques, algorithms, and design philosophiesall centered around distributed systems. learn about such fundamental distributed computing concepts for cloud computing. some of these concepts include: clouds, mapreduce, key-value stores, classical precursors, widely-used algorithms, classical algorithms, scalability, trending areas, and more! understand how these techniques work inside todays most widely-used cloud computing systems. get your hands dirty using these concepts with provided homework exercises. in the optional programming track, implement some of these concepts in template assignments provided in c++ programming language. you will also watch interviews with leading managers and researchers, from both industry and academia. week 1: orientation, introduction to clouds, mapreduce . week 2: gossip, membership, and grids . week 3: p2p systems . week 4: key-value stores, time, and ordering . week 5: classical distributed algorithms null null"
mooc	course		cloud networking	"null in the cloud networking course, we will see what the network needs to do to enable cloud computing. we will explore current practice by talking to leading industry experts, as well as looking into interesting new research that might shape the cloud networks future. this course will allow us to explore in-depth the challenges for cloud networkinghow do we build a network infrastructure that provides the agility to deploy virtual networks on a shared infrastructure, that enables both efficient transfer of big data and low latency communication, and that enables applications to be federated across countries and continents? examining how these objectives are met will set the stage for the rest of the course. this course places an emphasis on both operations and design rationalei.e., how things work and why they were designed this way. were excited to start the course with you and take a look inside what has become the critical communications infrastructure for many applications today.  null null"
mooc	course		"computational investing, part i"	"null why do the prices of some companies stocks seem to move up and down together while others move separately? what does portfolio diversification really mean and how important is it? what should the price of a stock be? how can we discover and exploit the relationships between equity prices automatically? well examine these questions, and others, from a computational point of view. you will learn many of the principles and algorithms that hedge funds and investment professionals use to maximize return and reduce risk in equity portfolios. portfolio management and market mechanics . company worth, capital assets pricing model and qstk software overview . manipulating data in python and qstk . efficient markets hypothesis and event studies, portfolio optimization and the efficient frontier . digging into data . the fundamental law, capm for portfolios . information feeds and technical analysis . jensens alpha, back testing and machine learning null null"
mooc	course		securing digital democracy	"null in this course, youll learn what every citizen should know about the security risks--and future potential  of electronic voting and internet voting. well take a look at the past, present, and future of election technologies and explore the various spaces intersected by voting, including computer security, human factors, public policy, and more. voting as a security problem . computers at the polls . security procedures and voting around the world . human factors and internet voting . new technology and policy null null"
mooc	course		finding hidden messages in dna (bioinformatics i)	"null this course begins a series of classes illustrating the power of computing in modern biology. please join us on the frontier of bioinformatics to look for hidden messages in dna without ever needing to put on a lab coat. in the first half of the course, we investigate dna replication, and ask the question, where in the genome does dna replication begin? we will see that we can answer this question for many bacteria using only some straightforward algorithms to look for hidden messages in the genome. in the second half of the course, we examine a different biological question, when we ask which dna patterns play the role of molecular clocks. the cells in your body manage to maintain a circadian rhythm, but how is this achieved on the level of dna? once again, we will see that by knowing which hidden messages to look for, we can start to understand the amazingly complex language of dna. perhaps surprisingly, we will apply randomized algorithms, which roll dice and flip coins in order to solve problems. finally, you will get your hands dirty and apply existing software tools to find recurring biological motifs within genes that are responsible for helping mycobacterium tuberculosis go dormant within a host for many years before causing an active infection. week 1 . week 2 . week 3 . week 4 . week 5 null null"
mooc	course		dynamical modeling methods for systems biology	"null an introduction to dynamical modeling techniques used in contemporary systems biology research. we take a case-based approach to teach contemporary mathematical modeling techniques. the course is appropriate for advanced undergraduates and beginning graduate students. lectures provide biological background and describe the development of both classical mathematical models and more recent representations of biological processes. the course will be useful for students who plan to use experimental techniques as their approach in the laboratory and employ computational modeling as a tool to draw deeper understanding of experiments. the course should also be valuable as an introductory overview for students planning to conduct original research in modeling biological systems. this course focuses on dynamical modeling techniques used in systems biology research. these techniques are based on biological mechanisms, and simulations with these models generate predictions that can subsequently be tested experimentally. these testable predictions frequently provide novel insight into biological processes. the approaches taught here can be grouped into the following categories: 1) ordinary differential equation-based models, 2) partial differential equation-based models, and 3) stochastic models. introduction | computing with matlab . introduction to dynamical systems . bistability in biochemical signaling models . computational modeling of the cell cycle . modeling electrical signaling . modeling with partial differential equations . stochastic modeling null null"
mooc	course		the fundamentals of computing capstone exam	"null while most specializations on coursera conclude with a project-based course, students in the fundamentals of computing specialization have completed more than 20+ projects during the first six courses of the specialization. given that much of the material in these courses is reused from session to session, our goal in this capstone class is to provide a conclusion to the specialization that allows each student an opportunity to demonstrate their individual mastery of the material in the specialization. with this objective in mind, the focus in this capstone class will be an exam whose questions are updated periodically. this approach is designed to help insure that each student is solving the exam problems on his/her own without outside help. for students that have done their own work, we do not anticipate that the exam will be particularly hard. however, those students who have relied too heavily on outside help in previous classes may have a difficult time. we believe that this approach will increase the value of the certificate for this specialization.  null null"
mooc	course		fundamentals of graphic design	"null graphic design is all around us! words and picturesthe building blocks of graphic designare the elements that carry the majority of the content in both the digital world and the printed world. as graphic design becomes more visible and prevalent in our lives, graphic design as a practice becomes more important in our culture. through visual examples, this course will teach you the fundamental principles of graphic design: imagemaking, typography, composition, working with color and shape... foundational skills that are common in all areas of graphic design practice. i dont just want you to watch a video of someone talking about design, i want you to make design! if you want to be a designer you have to be a maker, a communicator, so this course will offer you lots of opportunities to get your hands dirty with exercises and with more practical projects. at the end of this course you will have learned how to explore and investigate visual representation through a range of image-making techniques; have understand basic principles of working with shape, color and pattern; been exposed to the language and skills of typography; and understand and have applied the principles of composition and visual contrast. if you complete the course, along with its optional (but highly recommended) briefs, you will have a core set of graphic design skills that you can apply to your own projects, or to more deeply investigate a specialized area of graphic design. to succeed in this course you will need access to a computer. you can complete this course without one but it will be tougher. access to, and a beginners level knowledge of adobe creative suite programs, such as illustrator, photoshop and indesign will help you, especially if you want to complete the optional briefs. week 1: fundamentals of imagemaking . week 2: fundamentals of typography . week 3: fundamentals of shape and color . week 4: fundamentals of composition null null"
mooc	course		fundamentals of management	"null are you about to enter the workforce? are you an emerging professional? are you new to your role in the organization? all prospective new employees benefit from understanding management principles, roles and responsibilities, regardless of position. now you can acquire an in-depth understanding of the basic concepts and theories of management while exploring the managers operational role in all types of organizations. gain insight into the managers responsibility in planning, organizing, leading, staffing and controlling within the workplace. its never too soon to plan your professional path by learning how the best managers manage for success! managers vs leaders . skills for todays manager . planning . management styles and networking null null"
mooc	course		introduction to galois theory	"null a very beautiful classical theory on field extensions of a certain type (galois extensions) initiated by galois in the 19th century. explains, in particular, why it is not possible to solve an equation of degree 5 or more in the same way as we solve quadratic or cubic equations. you will learn to compute galois groups and (before that) study the properties of various field extensions. we first shall survey the basic notions and properties of field extensions: algebraic, transcendental, finite field extensions, degree of an extension, algebraic closure, decomposition field of a polynomial. then we shall do a bit of commutative algebra (finite algebras over a field, base change via tensor product) and apply this to study the notion of separability in some detail. after that we shall discuss galois extensions and galois correspondence and give many examples (cyclotomic extensions, finite fields, kummer extensions, artin-schreier extensions, etc.). we shall address the question of solvability of equations by radicals (abel theorem). we shall also try to explain the relation to representations and to topological coverings. finally, we shall briefly discuss extensions of rings (integral elemets, norms, traces, etc.) and explain how to use the reduction modulo primes to compute galois groups. prerequisites a first course in general algebra  groups, rings, fields, modules, ideals. some knowledge of commutative algebra (prime and maximal ideals  first few pages of any book in commutative algebra) is welcome. for exercises we also shall need some elementary facts about groups and their actions on sets, groups of permutations and, marginally, the statement of sylows theorems. assessments a weekly test and two more serious exams in the middle and in the end of the course. for the final result, tests count approximately 30%, first (shorter) exam 30%, final exam 40%. there will be two non-graded exercise lists (in replacement of the non-existent exercise classes...) introduction . week 1 . week 2 . week 3 . week 4 . week 5 . week 6 . week 7 . week 8 . week 9. null null"
mooc	course		beginning game programming with c#	"null the beginning game programming with c# course is all about learning how to develop video games using the c# programming language. why use c# instead of c++, java, actionscript, or some other programming language you may have heard of? first, using c# lets us use the open-source monogame framework, which help us quickly develop games for windows, android, ios, mac os x, and others. second, the unity game engine is very popular with indie game developers, and c# is one of the programming languages you can use in the unity environment. and finally, c# is a really good language for learning how to program. that learning how to program comment is important because this course doesnt assume you have any previous programming experience. dont worry if youve never written code before; well start at the very beginning and work our way up to building a small, complete game by the end of the course. throughout the course youll learn core programming concepts that apply to lots of programming languages, including c#, and youll also learn how to apply those concepts when you develop games: drawing all the entities in the game world, updating the game world based on user input and simple physics, playing music and sound effects in your games, and so on. computer programming is really fun in general, and programming games is even better! course introduction, first c# program, and storing data . classes and objects, monogame/xna basics . strings and selection . recovery week . monogame/xna mice and controllers, arrays and collection classes . recovery week . iteration . recovery week . class design and implementation . recovery week . monogame/xna audio, monogame/xna text io . the final week null null"
mooc	course		game development for modern platforms	"null the device or platform that a game is developed for and played on has a massive impact on the game development process. in this hands-on course you will explore how to develop a game for a variety of modern platforms, including web, windows, mac os x, ios, and android. while building a complete game, you will learn intermediate and advanced game development techniques in the unity game engine. by the end of the course, you will understand how to develop, refine, package, and prepare your game for distribution on a variety of game platforms. particular attention will be given to developing a 2d platformer game that supports multiple forms of input (keyboard/mouse, controller, and touch), works across multiple forms of output (screen size, screen resolution, sound), and performs well on a variety of computing devices. starting the project . getting the game playable . building out the game . preparing to ship! null null"
mooc	course		how to create a website in a weekend! (project-centered course)	"null what youll achieve: in this project-centered course*, youll design, build, and publish a basic website that incorporates text, sound, images, hyperlinks, plug-ins, and social media interactivity. well provide you with step-by-step instructions, exercises, tips, and tools that enable you to set up a domain name, create an attractive layout for your pages, organize your content properly, ensure that your site functions well across different operating systems and on mobile devices, keep your site safe, and finally, let people know your site is online. well even show you how to track your visitors. throughout the course, youll engage in collaboration and discussion with other learners through course forums and peer review. once you complete your first website project using wordpress, you can move on to our optional, extended module that covers more advanced techniques such as using a simple text editor, coding in html, css, and javascript, and more. what youll need to get started: this project-centered course is designed for learners who have little or no prior experience developing a web site. you will need a computer with a stable internet connection. well use wordpress to get you started, provide lots of downloadable examples, and guide you through the process of giving and receiving constructive peer-to-peer feedback. *about project-centered courses: project-centered courses are designed to help you complete a personally meaningful real-world project, with your instructor and a community of learners with similar goals providing guidance and suggestions along the way. by actively applying new concepts as you learn, youll master the course content more efficiently; youll also get a head start on using the skills you gain to make positive changes in your life and career. when you complete the course, youll have a finished project that youll be proud to use and share. module 1: prepping your site . module 2: starting to work with wordpress . module 3: add media, social media and launch . module 4: go deeper with further customization null null"
mooc	course		how to write a resume (project-centered course)	"null what youll achieve: in this project-centered course*, you will craft an essential cornerstone of the modern-day job or internship search: the resume. youll review resume best practices and explore current trends with guidance from a professional career counselor and recruiter, and youll exchange structured feedback with your peers as you work to polish your own resume. when you complete the course, youll have an eye-catching resume that lets your professional strengths shine. what youll need to get started: this course is designed primarily for young professionals or college students who are writing their first resume or looking to give an old resume a fresh and polished professional look. all job seekers will benefit from the course material and project, however, regardless of their career stage or professional background. all you will need is word processing software that allows you to create a resume on a computer- there are free tools available. *about project-centered courses: project-centered courses are designed to help you complete a personally meaningful real-world project, with your instructor and a community of like-minded supportive learners with similar goals providing guidance and suggestions along the way. by actively applying new concepts as you learn, youll master the course content more efficiently; youll also get a head start on using the skills you gain to make positive changes in your life and career. when you complete the course, youll have a finished project that youll be proud to use and share. introduction to the course &amp; resumes . the foundation of your resume: a self-inventory . writing content for your resume . piecing it all together: organization, structure, format . know your industry . best-practices for your resume from an employer . frequently asked questions null null"
mooc	course		interactive computer graphics	"null computer graphics can be a powerful tool for supporting visual problem solving, and interactivity plays a central role in harnessing the users creativity. this course will introduce various interactive tools developed in computer graphics research field with their design rationales and algorithms. examples include enhancements to graphical user interfaces, authoring tools for 2d drawings and 3d animations, and interactive computer-aided design systems. rich live demonstrations and course assignments will give you insights and skills to design and implement such tools for your own problems. graphical user interfaces . 2d drawings and animations . 3d geometric modeling . deformation and animation . fabrication . computer-aided design . real-world interaction . extras null null"
mooc	course		an introduction to interactive programming in python (part 1)	"null this two-part course is designed to help students with very little or no computing background learn the basics of building simple interactive applications. our language of choice, python, is an easy-to learn, high-level computer language that is used in many of the computational courses offered on coursera. to make learning python easy, we have developed a new browser-based programming environment that makes developing interactive applications in python simple. these applications will involve windows whose contents are graphical and respond to buttons, the keyboard and the mouse. in part 1 of this course, we will introduce the basic elements of programming (such as expressions, conditionals, and functions) and then use these elements to create simple interactive applications such as a digital stopwatch. part 1 of this class will culminate in building a version of the classic arcade game pong. recommended background - a knowledge of high school mathematics is required. while the class is designed for students with no prior programming experience, some beginning programmers have viewed the class as being fast-paced. for students interested in some light preparation prior to the start of class, we recommend a self-paced python learning site such as codecademy.com. week 0 - statements, expressions, variables . week 1 - functions, logic, conditionals . week 2 - event-driven programming, local/global variables . week 3 - canvas, drawing, timers . week 4 - lists, keyboard input, the basics of modeling motion null null"
mooc	course		an introduction to interactive programming in python (part 2)	"null this two-part course is designed to help students with very little or no computing background learn the basics of building simple interactive applications. our language of choice, python, is an easy-to learn, high-level computer language that is used in many of the computational courses offered on coursera. to make learning python easy, we have developed a new browser-based programming environment that makes developing interactive applications in python simple. these applications will involve windows whose contents are graphical and respond to buttons, the keyboard and the mouse. in part 2 of this course, we will introduce more elements of programming (such as list, dictionaries, and loops) and then use these elements to create games such as blackjack. part 1 of this class will culminate in building a version of the classic arcade game asteroids. upon completing this course, you will be able to write small, but interesting python programs. the next course in the specialization will begin to introduce a more principled approach to writing programs and solving computational problems that will allow you to write larger and more complex programs. week 5 - mouse input, list methods, dictionaries . week 6 - classes and object-oriented programming . week 7 - basic game physics, sprites . week 8 - sets and animation null null"
mooc	course		internet of things: setting up your dragonboard development platform	"null do you want to develop skills to prototype mobile-enabled products using state-of-the-art technologies? in this course you will build a hardware and software development environment to guide your journey through the internet of things specialization courses. we will use the dragonboard 410c single board computer (sbc). this is the first in a series of courses where you will learn both the theory and get the hands-on development practice needed to prototype internet of things products. this course is suitable for a broad range of learners. this course is for you if:  you want to develop hands-on experience with mobile technologies and the internet  you want to pivot your career towards the design and development of internet of things enabled products  you are an entrepreneur, innovator or member of a diy community learning goals: after completing this course, you will be able to: 1. configure at least one integrated development environment (ide) for developing software. 2. make use of git, adb and fastboot to flash multiple os and repair bricked boards. 3. install android 5.1 (lollipop) and linux based on ubuntu. 4. create, compile and run a hello world program. 5. describe the dragonboard 410c peripherals, i/o expansion capabilities, compute (cpu and graphics) capabilities, and connectivity capabilities. introduction . terminology/cheat sheet (beginner) . board bring up . setting up your developing environment . changing your operating system . rescuing your bricked board . creating your first application . native development kit (ndk) . calit2 bird application . monitoring your dragonboard 410c null null"
mooc	course		internet giants: the law and economics of media platforms	"null this seven-week course will explore the relationship between law and technology with a strong focus on the law of the united states with some comparisons to laws around the world, especially in europe. tech progress is an important source of economic growth and raises broader questions about the human condition, including how culture evolves and who controls that evolution. technology also matters in countless other ways as it often establishes the framework in which governments interact with their citizens, both in allowing speech and blocking it and in establishing exactly what the boundaries are between private life and the government. and technology itself is powerfully shaped by the laws that apply in areas as diverse as copyright, antitrust, patents, privacy, speech law and the regulation of networks. the course will explore seven topics: 1. microsoft: the desktop vs. the internet. we will start with a look at the technology path that led to the first personal computer in early 1975, the altair 8800. that path starts with the vacuum tube, moves to transistors, then to integrated circuits and finally to the microprocessor. we will look at the early days of software on the personal computer and the competition between selling software and open-source approaches as well as the problem of software piracy. we will discus the public good nature of software. the 1981 launch of the ibm pc revolutionized the personal computer market and started the path to microsofts powerful position and eventual monopoly in that market with the selection of ms-dos. we then turn to four antitrust cases against microsoft: (1) the 1994 u.s. case relating to ms-dos licensing practices; (2) the u.s. antitrust middleware case over microsofts response to netscape navigator; (3) the european union case regarding windows media player; and (4) the eu browser case over internet explorer. these disputes arose at the point of maximal competition between the free-standing personal computer and the internet world that would come after it and we may know enough now to assess how these cases influenced that competition. 2. google emerges (and the world responds). google has emerged as one of the dominant platforms of the internet era and that has led to corresponding scrutiny by regulators throughout the world. decisions that google makes about its algorithm can be life altering. individuals are finding it more difficult to put away past mistakes, as google never forgets, and businesses can find that their sales plummet if google moves them from the first page of search results to a later page. with great power comes scrutiny and we will look at how government regulators have evaluated how google has exercised its power. both the u.s. federal trade commission and the european union have undertaken substantial investigations of googles practices and we will look at both of those. 3. smartphones. the internet started on the desktop but the internet is increasingly mobile and people are seemingly tethered to their smartphones and tablets. and we have seen an interesting shift in that market away from nokia handsets and the blackberry to apples iphone and its ios platform and to the android platform. the legal infrastructure of smartphones and tablets is extraordinarily complex. we will start by looking at u.s. spectrum policy and the effort to free up 500 megahertz of spectrum. we will look at the activities of standard setting organizations, including the ieee and the creation of the 802.11 standard and wi-fi (or, if you prefer, wifi), the creation of patent pools and the regulation of standard essential patents. we will look at the ftc action against google/motorola mobility and apples lawsuit against samsung over utility and design patents relating to the iphone. finally, we will take a brief look at the european commissions investigation into the android platform. 4. nondiscrimination and network neutrality. facebook has more than 1 billion users and measure that against a world population of roughly 7 billion and a total number of internet users of roughly 2.5 billion. a course on law and technology simply has to grapple with the basic framework for regulating the internet and a key idea there is the notion of network neutrality. nondiscrimination obligations are frequent in regulated network industries, but at the same, discrimination can be an important tool of design for communication networks. we will start our look at the internet by looking at the great first communications network of the united states, the post office and will look in particular at the post office act of 1845. we will then move to modern times and will consider efforts by the u.s. federal communications commission to produce sensible and sustainable nondiscrimination conditions for the internet and will touch briefly on comparisons from around the world. 5. the day the music died? in many ways, the internet came first to music with the rise of peer-to-peer (p2p) music sharing through napster and its successors. we start with a look into music platform history and the devices that brought recorded music into the home: the phonograph and the player piano. we turn to radio and the legal regime that puts music on the airwaves, the performing rights organizations like ascap and bmi. we look at the antitrust issues associated with the blanket license. we consider a failed music platform, digital audio tape, and the complicated legal regime associated with it, the audio home recording act of 1992. we will consider the copyright issues raised by the creation and distribution of music and the litigation over the p2p technologies such as napster and grokster. the music industry responded to p2p technology by adding digital rights management tools to cds. as music distribution switched from physical media to digital distribution, we entered the world of apple and the ipod and itunes. we consider the drm issues associated with apples music platform as seen by steve jobs. we conclude by looking at emerging subscription services like spotify and the service that apple is building based on its purchase of beats. 6. video: listening and watching. images are some of the most powerful ways in which ideas and speech are communicated and video has long been regulated by the state. that starts as a communications law issue with government regulation of the radio spectrum, but also leads to the design of the television system with the assignment of channels and eventually the definition of digital television. and with the emergence first of cable tv and subsequently the vcr critical copyright roadblocks had to be overcome for new distribution technologies to emerge. we will consider the legal engineering that led to the dvd platform, which was an exercise in patent pools and trademark creation. we will sort through the creation of the digital tv platform and will also look at the copyright underpinnings for netflix. and we will consider the question of technology neutrality in the content of the copyright fight over a new video distribution entrant, aereo. finally, we close the week with a brief look at the incentive spectrum auctions and the possible end of broadcast television. 7. the mediated book. gutenberg revolutionized books with his printing press and for academics, books are sacred objects. but the printed book is on the run and with the rise of the ebook, we are entering a new era, the era of the mediated book. this is more than just a change in technology. we will look at the issues created by the rise of the ebook, issues about control over content and licensing and of the privacy of thought itself. we will also look at the legal skirmishes over this space, including the copyright fair use litigation over google books, the apple e-book antitrust case. and we will look at the amazon kindle platform. introduction to the course . microsoft: the desktop v. the internet . google emerges (and the world responds) . smartphones . nondiscrimination and neutrality . the day the music died? . video: listening and watching . the mediated book . course review . internet giants: experimental . mandatory continuing legal education information null null"
mooc	course		code yourself! an introduction to programming	"null have you ever wished you knew how to program, but had no idea where to start from? this course will teach you how to program in scratch, an easy to use visual programming language. more importantly, it will introduce you to the fundamental principles of computing and it will help you think like a software engineer. your first computer program . code gone loopy! . remixing games . reusing your code . think like a software engineer null null"
mooc	course		introduction to css3	"null the web today is almost unrecognizable from the early days of white pages with lists of blue links. now, sites are designed with complex layouts, unique fonts, and customized color schemes. this course will show you the basics of cascading style sheets (css3). the emphasis will be on learning how to write css rules, how to test code, and how to establish good programming habits. when done correctly, the styling of a webpage can take enhance your page. when done incorrectly the result can be worse than no styling at all. to ensure that your sites do not put up barriers for people with cognitive and/or physical disabilities, you will learn how to evaluate pages using the standardized pour accessibility guidelines. upon completion of the course, learners will be able to sketch a design for a given html page. using that design they will use css to implement the design by adding fonts, colors, and layouts. this is the second course in the web design for everybody specialization. subsequent courses focus on adding interaction with javascript and enhancing the styling with responsive design. it will be difficult to complete this course if you do not have access to a laptop or desktop computer for the homework. week one: getting started with simple styling . week two: advanced styling . week three: psuedo-classes, pseudo-elements, transitions, and positioning . week four: putting it all together . where to go from here? null null"
mooc	course		molecular evolution (bioinformatics iv)	"null in the previous course in the specialization, we learned how to compare genes, proteins, and genomes. one way we can use these methods is in order to construct a tree of life showing how a large collection of related organisms have evolved over time. in the first half of the course, we will discuss approaches for evolutionary tree construction that have been the subject of some of the most cited scientific papers of all time, and show how they can resolve quandaries from finding the origin of a deadly virus to locating the birthplace of modern humans. in the second half of the course, we will shift gears and examine the old claim that birds evolved from dinosaurs. how can we prove this? in particular, we will examine a result that claimed that peptides harvested from a t. rex fossil closely matched peptides found in chickens. in particular, we will use methods from computational proteomics to ask how we could assess whether this result is valid or due to some form of contamination. finally, you will learn how to apply popular bioinformatics software tools to reconstruct an evolutionary tree of ebolaviruses and identify the source of the recent ebola epidemic that caused global headlines. week 1 . week 2 . week 3 . week 4 . week 5 . week 6 null null"
mooc	course		foundations of objective-c app development	"null an introduction to the objective-c programming language. this will prepare you for more extensive ios app development and build a foundation for advanced ios development topics. objective-c programming requires a mac laptop or desktop computer. an ios device is optional if the learner is willing to working exclusively with the simulator. some learners have been able to work with an os x virtual machine on windows, but explaining how to do that is beyond the scope of this course. get ready. get set. go! . functions, scopes and encapsulation - oh my! . object lesson . system libraries to the rescue null null"
mooc	course		capstone design project in power electronics	"null learners will design a dc-dc converter that powers usb-c devices (20 v at 5 a) from a dc input voltage source such as a lithium-ion battery pack or a desktop computer power bus. aspects of the project will include:  design of converter power stage, gate drivers, and magnetics. requires mastery of courses 1, 2, and 5.  simulation to verify correct steady-state operation. requires mastery of courses 1 and 2.  design of converter control system. requires mastery of courses 3 and 4.  simulation to verify correct control system operation. requires mastery of course 4  preparation of a report documenting the design and its performance the report will be peer graded.  null null"
mooc	course		introduccin a la produccin de msica	"null aprende sobre el proceso de produccin de msica -incluyendo la grabacin, la edicin y la mezcla- y sobre las herramientas disponibles para crear msica contempornea en tu computadora. bienvenido a introduccin a la produccin . sonido y flujo de la seal . el ead . la mezcladora . efectos dinmicos . filtro y efectos de delay . sntesis null null"
mooc	course		writing professional email and memos (project-centered course)	"null want your workplace writing to make a positive impression? at the end of this course, you will be a more confident writer, able to create higher quality professional documents more quickly. this course is at the introductory or beginner level and focuses on mastering the basics of email etiquette and communication. while this course will help learners become faster and more efficient writers by virtue of practice with common writing purposes, it does not cover marketing emails or job application materials. in this project-based learning course, you will work on a continuous project, the writing of a professional email/memo. at the end of the course, you will write a clear and concise email/memo. the final product will be individualized to your professional endeavors and follow the guidelines for one of the common types of emails/memos explained in the course: directives, progress reports, incident reports, response to inquiries, and meeting minutes. you will gain a wealth of skills. you will learn about appropriate email/memo formats, common ways to organize email/memo contents, common email/memo routing protocols, and expectations upon writers in professional environments. this course is designed to be beneficial to all levels of learners, whether you have never heard of an email/memo or write them every day. everyone will learn something from this experience. in fact, different levels of learners are encouraged in this course so that we can all learn from each other. there will be thousands of learners working side-by-side on their projects, and the environment will be social, supportive, and constructive. by the end of this course, learners will be able to: - write clear and concise emails/memos relative to their professional endeavors - recognize five different types of emails/memos and their formats - analyze email/memo context for audience and tone - use basic grammar correctly in their email/memo writing materials required: learners in this course will need only a computer with strong enough internet to play videos and hear sound. a word processing software is suggested, but not required. time required: this course will require approximately 4 hours of work in the platform, including videos, reading, quizzes, and other activities. the course project will require approximately 6 hours of work, including the rough draft, draft peer review, final draft, and final peer review. introduction to professional memos and emails . five types of emails/memos . audience, grammar, and clarity, oh my! . case studies in writing a memo . turn in your final memo null null"
mooc	course		pro tools basics	"null producing music is an incredibly creative process, and knowing the tools of the trade is essential in order to transmit the musical ideas in your head into the daw in a creative and uninhibited way. whether you have used a computer to create music before, or you have been curious about production for years, this 4-week course will give you an introductory look into the world of avid pro tools and pro tools first. welcome to pro tools basics! . diving in . exploring midi and software instruments . recording and manipulating audio . mixing and mastering null null"
mooc	course		programming for everybody (getting started with python)	"null this course aims to teach everyone the basics of programming computers using python. we cover the basics of how one constructs a program from a series of simple instructions in python. the course has no pre-requisites and avoids all but the simplest mathematics. anyone with moderate computer experience should be able to master the materials in this course. this course will cover chapters 1-5 of the textbook python for informatics. this course is equivalent to the first half of the 11-week programming for everybody (python) course. once a student completes this course, they will be ready to take more advanced programming courses. chapter one - why we program? . installing and using python . chapter one: why we program (continued) . chapter two: variables and expressions . chapter three: conditional code . chapter four: functions . chapter five: loops and iteration null null"
mooc	course		interfacing with the raspberry pi	"null the raspberry pi uses a variety of input/output devices based on protocols such as hdmi, usb, and ethernet to communicate with the outside world. in this class you will learn how to use these protocols with other external devices (sensors, motors, gps, orientation, lcd screens etc.) to get your iot device to interact with the real world. most physical devices use analog signals; however computer hardware is digital so in this class you will learn how these signals are converted back-and-forth and how this must be considered as you program your device. the basic design of a sensor-actuator system will also be covered. you will also learn how to build more sophisticated hardware systems using raspberry pi expansion boards to create fun and exciting iot devices. module 1 . module 2 . module 3 . module 4 null null"
mooc	course		the raspberry pi platform and python programming for the raspberry pi	"null the raspberry pi is a small, affordable single-board computer that you will use to design and develop fun and practical iot devices while learning programming and computer hardware. in addition, you will learn how to set up up the raspberry pi environment, get a linux operating system running, and write and execute some basic python code on the raspberry pi. you will also learn how to use python-based ide (integrated development environments) for the raspberry pi and how to trace and debug python code on the device. module 1 . module 2 . module 3 . module 4 null null"
mooc	course		development of real-time systems	"null this course is intended for the masters student and computer engineer who likes practical programming and problem solving! after completing this course, you will have the knowledge to plan and set-up a real-time system both on paper and in practice. the course centers around the problem of achieving timing correctness in embedded systems, which means to guarantee that the system reacts within the real-time requirements. examples of such systems include airbags, emergency breaks, avionics, and also multi-media systems like video playback and qos in web servers. the course teaches how to plan real-time systems in theory using established mathematical proofs and how to implement them in practice by using the most common scheduling methods. we also learn and how to program the system in the c language using the freertos real-time kernel. finally we have a look at the future of real-time systems namely multi-core real-time systems! this course focus on the learn-by-doing approach with many examples and real-world programming assignments. we have 5 modules, each with a gentle graded quiz in the end and one peer reviewed programming assignment. in case you have no experience with c programming, please check you a practical course like: https://www.coursera.org/learn/arduino-platform the course is actually quite fun! -simon holmbacka / bo akademi university check out our whole curriculum: https://research.it.abo.fi/ introduction to real-time systems . static scheduling . dynamic scheduling . non-periodic jobs . real-time operating systems null null"
mooc	course		advanced styling with responsive design	"null it used to be the case that everyone viewed webpages on about the same size screen. but with the explosion of the use of smartphones to access the internet, the landscape of design has completely changed. people viewing your site will now expect that it will perform regardless of the platform (smartphone, tablet, laptop, or desktop computer). this ability to respond to any platform is called responsive design. this course will expand upon the basic knowledge of css3 to include topics such as wireframes, fluid design, media queries, and the use of existing styling paradigms such as bootstrap. after the course, learners will be able to: ** explain the mobile-first paradigm and the importance of wireframes in the design phase ** create sites that behave across a range of platforms ** utilize existing design frameworks such as bootstrap this is the fourth course in the web design for everybody specialization. a basic understanding of html and css is expected when you enroll in this class. additional courses focus on adding interactivity with the javascript programming language and completing a capstone project. week one: style with responsive design . week two: basic concepts . week three: use existing frameworks . week four: experiment! null null"
mooc	course		robotics: computational motion planning	"null robotic systems typically include three components: a mechanism which is capable of exerting forces and torques on the environment, a perception system for sensing the world and a decision and control system which modulates the robots behavior to achieve the desired ends. in this course we will consider the problem of how a robot decides what to do to achieve its goals. this problem is often referred to as motion planning and it has been formulated in various ways to model different situations. you will learn some of the most common approaches to addressing this problem including graph-based methods, randomized planners and artificial potential fields. throughout the course, we will discuss the aspects of the problem that make planning challenging. introduction and graph-based plan methods . configuration space . sampling-based planning methods . artificial potential field methods null null"
mooc	course		social computing	null people are social creatures and the modern internet reflects that. technology has made collaboration at a distance possible in new ways that present their own set of challenges. this course will introduce you to the major challenges and opportunities for creating online communities. what does the future hold? learn how social computing can create collaboration experiences that go beyond whats possible face to face. connecting people through technology . challenges &amp; opportunities of collaboration online . crowdsourcing null null
mooc	course		introduction to swift programming	"null introduction to swift programming is the first course in a four part specialization series that will provide you with the tools and skills necessary to develop an ios app from scratch. by the end of this first course you will be able to demonstrate intermediate application of programming in swift, the powerful new programming language for ios. guided by best practices you will become proficient with syntax, object oriented principles, memory management, functional concepts and more in programming with swift. this course is unique in its dedication to teaching swift programming. with new features and capabilities you will be at the forefront of writing ios apps. please note that to take part in this course (and the full specialization) it is required to have a mac computer and, though not required, ideally an iphone, ipod, or an ipad. note: this course has been designed and tested (and content delivered) on a mac. while we are aware of hacks and workarounds for running mac in a virtual machine on windows we do not recommended a pc. we hope you have fun on this new adventure. introductions and getting started . swift basics . advanced swift . image processing in swift . final peer assignment . optional - swift vs objective c null null"
mooc	course		understanding financial markets	"null in this course, you will learn what the main financial markets and their characteristics are as well as how they are linked to the economy. our very diversified team of experts will start by teaching you how the price of stocks and bonds are computed and why they move while you will become increasingly aware of the notion of risk and why it matters when measuring an investments performance. the focus will then move to less popular markets such as gold, emerging markets, real estate, hedge funds and private markets. these will be analyzed with an emphasis on their particular risks and return opportunities as well as how they can help in building efficient portfolios. finally, the policies of central banks and their impact on financial markets will be presented to you along with the link between the economy and the price of financial assets. all along these different steps, experts from ubs, our corporate partner, will show you how the concepts you just acquired are effectively applied in a leading global bank. this focus on practicality means you will not only understand what is going on in global financial markets but also start to figure out how you can use them to achieve financial goals, be it a clients or your own. general introduction and key concepts . major financial markets . other financial markets . financial markets and the economy null null"
mooc	course		usable security	"null this course focuses on how to design and build secure systems with a human-centric focus. we will look at basic principles of human-computer interaction, and apply these insights to the design of secure systems with the goal of developing security measures that respect human performance and their goals within a system. week 1 . week 2 . week 3 . week 4 . week 5 . week 6 . final exam null null"
mooc	course		"agriculture, economics and nature"	"null sound economic thinking is crucial for farmers because they depend on good economic decision making to survive. governments depend on economic information to make good policy decisions on behalf of the community. this course will help you to contribute to better decision making by farmers, or by agencies servicing agriculture, and it will help you to understand why farmers respond to policies and economic opportunities in the ways they do. you can use this course to improve your skills and knowledge, and to assess whether this is a subject that youd like to study further. the course includes high-quality video lectures, interviews with experts, demonstrations of how to build economic models in spreadsheets, practice quizzes, and a range of recommended readings and optional readings. assessment is by a final exam. the key economic principles that well learn about can help us understand changes that have occurred in agriculture, and support improved decision making about things like agricultural production methods, agricultural input levels, resource conservation, and the balance between agricultural production and its environmental impacts. there are literally thousands of agricultural economists around the world who work on these issues, so there is a wealth of knowledge to draw on for the course.  null null"
mooc	course		algorithms on graphs	"null if you have ever used a navigation service to find optimal route and estimate time to destination, youve used algorithms on graphs. graphs arise in various real-world situations as there are road networks, computer networks and, most recently, social networks! if youre looking for the fastest time to get to work, cheapest way to connect set of computers into a network or efficient algorithm to automatically find communities and opinion leaders in facebook, youre going to work with graphs and algorithms on graphs. in this course, you will first learn what a graph is and what are some of the most important properties. then youll learn several ways to traverse graphs and how you can do useful things while traversing the graph in some order. we will then talk about shortest paths algorithms  from the basic ones to those which open door for 1000000 times faster algorithms used in google maps and other navigational services. you will use these algorithms if you choose to work on our fast shortest routes industrial capstone project. we will finish with minimum spanning trees which are used to plan road, telephone and computer networks and also find applications in clustering and approximate algorithms.  null null"
mooc	course		exploring and producing data for business decision making	"null this course provides an analytical framework to help you evaluate key problems in a structured fashion and will equip you with tools to better manage the uncertainties that pervade and complicate business processes. specifically, you will be introduced to statistics and how to summarize data and learn concepts of frequency, normal distribution, statistical studies, sampling, and confidence intervals. while you will be introduced to some of the science of what is being taught, the focus will be on applying the methodologies. this will be accomplished through the use of excel and data sets from many different disciplines, allowing you to see the use of statistics in very diverse settings. the course will focus not only on explaining these concepts, but also understanding the meaning of the results obtained. upon successful completion of this course, you will be able to:  summarize large data sets in graphical, tabular, and numerical forms.  understand the significance of proper sampling and why you can rely on sample information.  understand why normal distribution can be used in so many settings.  use sample information to infer about the population with a certain level of confidence about the accuracy of the estimations.  use excel for statistical analysis. this course is part of the imba offered by the university of illinois, a flexible, fully-accredited online mba at an incredibly competitive price. for more information, please see the resource page in this course and onlinemba.illinois.edu.  null null"
mooc	course		business english for cross-cultural communication	"null this course aims to prepare you for working in an cross-cultural business setting. well learn about common cross-cultural theories and how they are relevant to everyday business practices in a globalised world. by combining all of your vocabulary, reading, speaking, and writing skills that you acquired in the previous three courses, you will learn how language plays an important role in cross-cultural communication. you will also enhance your cross-cultural understanding and will be able to use vocabulary, tone and style, and spoken and written communication skills within a cross-cultural business context. skills learned in this course help prepare you to deliver the professional business presentation in the capstone project. after completing this course, you will be able to: - identify possible cross-cultural issues and misunderstandings in communication - apply strategies to overcome possible cross-cultural issues and misunderstandings in communication - produce documents with an appropriate style for business communication purposes within a cross-cultural situation - deliver a speech with an appropriate style for business communication purposes within a cross-cultural situation  null null"
mooc	course		inferential and predictive statistics for business	"null this course provides an analytical framework to help you evaluate key problems in a structured fashion and will equip you with tools to better manage the uncertainties that pervade and complicate business processes. the course aim to cover statistical ideas that apply to managers. we will consider two basic themes: first, is recognizing and describing variations present in everything around us, and then modeling and making decisions in the presence of these variations. the fundamental concepts studied in this course will reappear in many other classes and business settings. our focus will be on interpreting the meaning of the results in a business and managerial setting. while you will be introduced to some of the science of what is being taught, the focus will be on applying the methodologies. this will be accomplished through use of excel and using data sets from many different disciplines, allowing you to see the use of statistics in very diverse settings. the course will focus not only on explaining these concepts but also understanding the meaning of the results obtained. upon successful completion of this course, you will be able to:  test for beliefs about a population..  compare differences between populations.  use linear regression model for prediction.  learn how to use excel for statistical analysis. this course is part of the imba offered by the university of illinois, a flexible, fully-accredited online mba at an incredibly competitive price. for more information, please see the resource page in this course and onlinemba.illinois.edu.  null null"
mooc	course		chinese politics part 2  china and the world	"null one of the most significant changes in the world in the past 30 years is the opening of china to the outside world and its engagement with that world. in the initial years of the opening, external forces influenced chinas economy, regional balances, bureaucracy, as well as the political authority of local leaders in the coastal areas. more recently, the world is feeling the effects of a rising china which seeks resources and talent from all around the globe and uses its financial wealth to strengthen its position in the world. this course tracks the opening of china up from 1978 until it joins the wto, focusing on how the world affected chinas internal development. we then look at various aspects of chinas going out strategy  its search for energy, talent, as well as its relations with the united states and the states within the asia-pacific region. the instructor has been deeply engaged in research on all these topics, having lived in china during various stages of chinas opening to the outside world. orientation and module 1 . module 2 . module 3 . module 4 . module 5 . final exam null null"
mooc	course		a developers guide to the internet of things (iot)	"null &gt;&gt;&gt; by enrolling in this course you agree to the end user license agreement as set out in the faq and at the end of this course description &lt;&lt;&lt; the internet of things (iot) is an area of rapid growth and opportunity. technical innovations in networks, sensors and applications, coupled with the advent of smart machines have resulted in a huge diversity of devices generating all kinds of structured and unstructured data that needs to be processed somewhere. collecting and understanding that data, combining it with other sources of information and putting it to good use can be achieved by using connectivity, analytical and cognitive services now available on the cloud, allowing development and deployment of solutions to be achieved faster and more efficiently than ever before. this course is an entry level introduction to developing and deploying solutions for the internet of things. it will focus on capturing data from a trusted device and sending the data to a cloud platform where it can be exploited by the many services available. you will explore all the steps required to create a basic iot solution using a popular device, the raspberry pi, and a trial version of the cloud-based ibm watson iot platform. what you will learn: quickly create applications that leverage connectivity and analytics as part of an integrated iot platform. use node-red, an open-source visual application development environment, on both the device and the cloud. create a basic iot solution by leveraging pre-built blocks of code that abstracts and speeds the development process. use apis to access the platform and explore the different connectivity options for various devices, gateways and applications. explore options to ensure your solution makes best use of the captured data. what technology is required to complete the course? the programming assignments require you to have a raspberry pi device - any model of raspberry pi with a 40 pin header. the course also uses the sensehat extension board, whilst it is preferable to have a sensehat there is a simulator provided if you cant get a sensehat. you will need internet connectivity to download software, connect to the platform, develop and deploy your iot solution. your rasberry pi will need the latest rasbian jessie os. this os will be on a micro sd card. the recommended size of the sd card is 8gb but 4gb will do. note that the learner kit comes with a preconfigured sd card. in order to setup the micro sd card, you will need a computer with either a windows, apple or linux os. since most computer do not have a micro sd port, you will need a micro sd adapter or usb micro sd card adapter. your computer will also be used when working on the platform. to work on your raspberry pi, you will need an hdmi monitor or tv to work as the display for the raspberry pi (dvi monitor will also work). to connect the monitor to the raspberry pi you will need an hdmi cable (or a dvi to hdmi cable). your raspberry pi needs a way to connect to the internet; either an ethernet cable for connecting to the router, or a usb wifi dongle if you have wireless connectivity. note that the raspberry pi 3 includes built-in wifi a usb keyboard and mouse. your raspberry pi will also needs a 5v micro usb power supply i(this may be a phone charger for example) what prerequisite skills are required ? this is an entry level course, but does assume you have basic programming skills. the assignments set use both python and javascript programming languages, so some basic skill in these languages is required. no previous experience with ibm bluemix or the ibm watson iot platform is required. what additional resources do i need for this course? the server side code for the assignments will use the ibm bluemix cloud platform, so you will need to sign up for a free account on that platform. when your 30-day trial expires, you can enter a credit card to keep using bluemix. bluemix has a set amount of free resources available to users who have registered with their credit card. if you stay within these free resources limits you will not incur any charges. this is a good idea if you are planning to take longer than 30 days to complete the course, or if you have an existing trial account that that is about to expire and you need longer time on the platform to complete the course. ibm course notice and end user license agreement by accessing the ibm course and related content available to you through coursera, inc., you agree to the following terms and conditions of this agreement. please print this page for your records. this agreement applies to your use of the ibm course and its related content, details, and materials (ibm course). by downloading, copying, or otherwise accessing the ibm course, you agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. if you do not wish to accept the terms of this agreement, or if you are not at least 18 years old, do not access the course. this agreement also applies to updates, add-on content, refreshed content or other ibm course materials that ibm may make available from time to time, except to the extent that they are accompanied by separate terms. ibm has entered into an agreement with coursera, inc. (coursera) to make the ibm course available to you. coursera has authorized you to access the ibm course and has full control over your coursera account pursuant to the terms of service agreed upon between you and coursera. per those terms of service, coursera may terminate your right to access the ibm course or may make changes to your account, and may restrict the way in which you access the ibm course. key terms license ibm hereby grants you a limited, revocable, personal, non-exclusive, non-assignable right and license to access and view the ibm course for your internal use, in accordance with this agreement and your agreement with coursera. this license includes the right to access the ibm course via the coursera platform on your personal computer or other supported device for a limited period of time as defined in the agreement between you and coursera. technical support please contact coursera for any technical support needed to access the ibm course or coursera platform. any questions regarding ibm course content may be submitted to ibm via the contact information provided in the ibm course and related materials. internet content there are a wide variety of sites you are able to visit over the internet. we do not control your internet activity or the sites you visit and we are not responsible for any online monitoring of your activity by third parties. likewise, ibm exercises no control whatsoever over the content of the information passing through your systems. neither we nor our suppliers warrant, nor do they assume responsibility for, any consequences suffered by any person as a result of internet access including, without limitation, the possibility of contracting computer viruses, accessing information with offensive, inaccurate or inappropriate content, etc. ibm shall not be responsible for any damages suffered by any person as a result of your obtaining internet access. you must exercise your own due diligence and judgment before relying on any information available on the internet, and you must determine that you have all necessary rights to copy, publish or otherwise distribute any such information available on the internet under copyright and other applicable laws. by its very nature, the internet contains offensive or harmful material, in some cases under descriptions that have been mislabeled or are otherwise deceptive. please use caution and common sense in using the internet. any link or access to third-party sites and services that we make available to you as part of the ibm course is provided to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link or access does not imply an endorsement by us of the third-party site or service. ownership and copyright protection you acknowledge that (a) the ibm course contains proprietary information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws, and (b) ibm owns all right, title and interest in and to the ibm course including without limitation all intellectual property rights therein and thereto. intellectual property rights means any and all rights existing from time to time under patent law, copyright law, trademark law, unfair competition law, and any and all other proprietary rights, and any and all applications, renewals, extensions and restorations thereof, now or hereafter in force and effect worldwide. you agree that you will not, and will not allow any third party to, (i) copy, sell, license, distribute, transfer, modify, adapt, translate, prepare derivative works from, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or otherwise attempt to derive source code from the ibm course, unless otherwise expressly permitted, (ii) take any action to circumvent or defeat the security or content usage rules provided, deployed or enforced by any functionality (including without limitation digital rights management functionality) contained in the ibm course or coursera platform, (iii) use the ibm course to access, copy, transfer, transcode or retransmit content in violation of any law or third party rights or (iv) remove, obscure, or alter our copyright notices, trademarks, or other proprietary rights notices affixed to or contained within or accessed in conjunction with or through the ibm course. we reserve all rights not expressly granted to you in this agreement. the ibm course is protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws and treaties. ibm and its licensors own the title, copyright, and other intellectual property rights in the ibm course. the ibm course is licensed, not sold. this agreement does not grant you any rights to our trademarks or service marks. you must treat the ibm course like any other copyrighted material. unless otherwise expressly permitted, you may not copy any documentation or materials accompanying the ibm course. rights and responsibilities you must comply with all applicable laws and regulations, and with any rules and policies that coursera imposes upon your registration with the ibm course or your use of the coursera service (to the extent that courseras rules and policies are not inconsistent with this agreement, applicable laws and regulations). no warranties ibm expressly disclaims any warranty for the ibm course. the ibm course and any related documentation are provided as is, with all faults, and without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, and the entire risk as to satisfactory quality, performance, accuracy and effort is with you. to the maximum extent permitted by law, ibm expressly disclaims any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, accuracy, non-infringement, system integration and your enjoyment of the service. we make no warranty: (i) that the ibm course will fulfill any of your particular purposes or needs; (ii) regarding the security, reliability, timeliness or performance; (iii) that the ibm course will be error-free or bug free; or (iv) that any errors in the ibm course will be corrected. any content or material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the ibm course is done at your own discretion and risk. some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties, so the foregoing disclaimer may not apply to you. ibm does not control your access to the coursera platform or the internet and cannot guarantee continuous, uninterrupted or secure access to the ibm course. ibm does not warrant that the ibm course will be available on a specified date or time or that the coursera network will have the capacity to meet your demand during specific hours. the provisions of this no warranties section shall survive any termination or expiration of this agreement. limits on our liability for damages you expressly understand and agree that ibm shall not be liable to you for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, business interruption, data or other intangible losses (even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages) resulting from: (i) the use or the inability to use the ibm course; (ii) reliance upon the content in the ibm course; (iii) the cost of procurement of substitute courses; (iv) unauthorized access to, alteration, theft or destruction of your transmissions, business information, programs or data; (v) loss of business information or data; or (vi) any other matter relating to the ibm course. the foregoing limitations shall apply notwithstanding a failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy and to the fullest extent permitted by law. under no circumstances will ibms liability to you exceed the amount of one hundred u.s. dollars ($100.00). nothing in this agreement is intended to exclude or limit any condition, warranty, right or liability which may not be lawfully excluded or limited. some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or conditions or the limitation or exclusion of liability for loss or damage caused by negligence, breach of contract or breach of implied terms, or incidental or consequential damages. accordingly, only the above limitations in the no warranties and no liability for damages sections of this agreement which are lawful in your jurisdiction will apply to you and our liability will be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law. you agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim arising out of or related to the ibm course or this agreement must be filed within one (1) year after such claim arose or be forever barred. you must indemnify, defend and hold us and our directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates, subsidiaries, successors and assigns harmless from and against any claim, demand, suit, action, cause of action, loss, damage, judgment, liability, cost or expense (including attorneys fees) arising out of or related to your use of the ibm course, whether asserted by you or by any other person or entity. the provisions of this no liability for damages section shall survive any termination or expiration of this agreement. export restrictions the ibm course may be subject to export controls or restrictions by the united states or other countries or territories. you agree to (i) comply with the requirements of the u.s. department of commerce (doc) export administration regulations (ear) (see http://www.bis.doc.gov) and all applicable international, national, state, regional and local laws, and regulations, including without limitation any applicable import and use restrictions, (ii) not export, or re-export, directly or indirectly, the ibm course to any country outlined in the ear, nor to any person or entity on the doc denied persons, entities and unverified lists, the u.s. department of states debarred list, or on the u.s. department of treasurys lists of specially designated nationals, specially designated narcotics traffickers, or specially designated terrorists, (iii) not export, or re-export the ibm course to any military entity not approved under the ear, or to any other entity for any military purpose, and (iv) not license, sell, provide or distribute the ibm course for use in connection with chemical, biological, or nuclear weapons or missiles capable of delivering such weapons. governing law this agreement will be governed by the laws of the new york, united states of america, without giving effect to its conflict of laws provisions. use of or access to the ibm course from any jurisdiction where such use or access is illegal is prohibited. if you use or access the ibm course from a location outside of the united states, you will be fully responsible for compliance with all relevant local laws. additional information: additional information about ibm may be found at our website, www.ibm.com. introduction to the course . rapid application development in the cloud . rapid application development on a raspberry pi . lower level programming for the internet of things null null"
mooc	course		finding hidden messages in dna (bioinformatics i)	"null this course begins a series of classes illustrating the power of computing in modern biology. please join us on the frontier of bioinformatics to look for hidden messages in dna without ever needing to put on a lab coat. after warming up our algorithmic muscles, we will learn how to apply popular bioinformatics software tools to real experimental datasets. week 1 . week 2 . week 3 . week 4 . week 5 null null"
mooc	course		"big data, cloud computing, &amp; cdn emerging technologies"	"you have most likely heard about clouds and big data before, and already know how significantly important they are and will be in the future. cloud computing enables us to easily use software as well as processing platforms and computing infrastructure (that are not equipped on our computers and smartphones) from any location through internet services. big data provides us with new intelligence from massive data sets, which can help in situation/condition/status analysis and decision making. in addition, cdn is the best technology to provide information/contents to internet users in the quickest and most efficient way. therefore, the information/software/database/contents from clouds and big data centers can be very effectively supported by cdns. this is why these lectures are combined together in this course. "
mooc	course		bioconductor for genomic data science	learn to use tools from the bioconductor project to perform analysis of genomic data. this is the fifth course in the genomic big data specialization from johns hopkins university. 
mooc	course		measuring causal effects in the social sciences	"how can we know if the differences in wages between men and women are caused by discrimination or differences in background characteristics? in this phd-level course we look at causal effects as opposed to spurious relationships. we will discuss how they can be identified in the social sciences using quantitative data, and describe how this can help us understand social mechanisms. "
mooc	course		cloud computing concepts: part 2	"cloud computing systems today, whether open-source or used inside companies, are built using a common set of core techniques, algorithms, and design philosophiesall centered around distributed systems. learn about such fundamental distributed computing concepts for cloud computing. some of these concepts include: clouds, mapreduce, key-value stores, classical precursors, widely-used algorithms, classical algorithms, scalability, trending areas, and more!  understand how these techniques work inside todays most widely-used cloud computing systems. get your hands dirty using these concepts with provided homework exercises. in the optional programming track, implement some of these concepts in template assignments provided in c++ programming language.  you will also watch interviews with leading managers and researchers, from both industry and academia. "
mooc	course		"cloud computing concepts, part 1"	"cloud computing systems today, whether open-source or used inside companies, are built using a common set of core techniques, algorithms, and design philosophiesall centered around distributed systems. learn about such fundamental distributed computing concepts for cloud computing. some of these concepts include: clouds, mapreduce, key-value stores, classical precursors, widely-used algorithms, classical algorithms, scalability, trending areas, and more!  understand how these techniques work inside todays most widely-used cloud computing systems. get your hands dirty using these concepts with provided homework exercises. in the optional programming track, implement some of these concepts in template assignments provided in c++ programming language.  you will also watch interviews with leading managers and researchers, from both industry and academia. "
mooc	course		"computational investing, part i"	"why do the prices of some companies stocks seem to move up and down together while others move separately? what does portfolio diversification really mean and how important is it? what should the price of a stock be? how can we discover and exploit the relationships between equity prices automatically? well examine these questions, and others, from a computational point of view. you will learn many of the principles and algorithms that hedge funds and investment professionals use to maximize return and reduce risk in equity portfolios. "
mooc	course		epidemiology: the basic science of public health	"often called the cornerstone of public health, epidemiology is the study of the distribution and determinants of diseases, health conditions, or events among populations and the application of that study to control health problems. by applying the concepts learned in this course to current public health problems and issues, students will understand the practice of epidemiology as it relates to real life and makes for a better appreciation of public health programs and policies. this course explores public health issues like cardiovascular and infectious diseases  both locally and globally  through the lens of epidemiology. "
mooc	course		advanced algorithms and complexity	"youve learned the basic algorithms now and are ready to step into the area of more complex problems and algorithms to solve them. advanced algorithms build upon basic ones and use new ideas. we will start with networks flows which are used in more obvious applications such as optimal matchings, finding disjoint paths and flight scheduling as well as more surprising ones like image segmentation in computer vision or finding dense clusters in the advertiser-search query graphs at search engines. we then proceed to linear programming with applications in optimizing budget allocation, portfolio optimization, finding the cheapest diet satisfying all requirements, call routing in telecommunications and many others. next we discuss inherently hard problems for which no exact good solutions are known (and not likely to be found) and how to solve them approximately in a reasonable time. we finish with some applications to big data and machine learning which are heavy on algorithms right now. "
mooc	course		algorithmic toolbox	"the course covers basic algorithmic techniques and ideas for computational problems arising frequently in practical applications: sorting and searching, divide and conquer, greedy algorithms, dynamic programming. we will learn a lot of theory: how to sort data and how it helps for searching; how to break a large problem into pieces and solve them recursively; when it makes sense to proceed greedily; how dynamic programming is used in genomic studies. you will practice solving computational problems, designing new algorithms, and implementing solutions efficiently (so that they run in less than a second). "
mooc	course		algorithms on strings	"world and internet is full of textual information. we search for information using textual queries, we read websites, books, e-mails. all those are strings from the point of view of computer science. to make sense of all that information and make search efficient, search engines use many string algorithms. moreover, the emerging field of personalized medicine uses many search algorithms to find disease-causing mutations in the human genome. "
mooc	course		business metrics for data-driven companies	"in this course, you will learn best practices for how to use data analytics to make any company more competitive and more profitable. you will be able to recognize the most critical business metrics and distinguish them from mere data. youll get a clear picture of the vital but different roles business analysts, business data analysts, and data scientists each play in various types of companies. and youll know exactly what skills are required to be hired for, and succeed at, these high-demand jobs.  finally, you will be able to use a checklist provided in the course to score any company on how effectively it is embracing big data culture. digital companies like amazon, uber and airbnb are transforming entire industries through their creative use of big data. youll understand why these companies are so disruptive and how they use data-analytics techniques to out-compete traditional companies. "
mooc	course		android app components and data persistence	"this mooc builds upon the overview of java and android covered in course 1 by delving deeper into core android components, such as activities, broadcast receivers, intents, and intent filters. you will learn by example how to program these core android components together with basic java file i/o classes (such as file, inputstream, outputwriter, etc.) and android storage mechanisms (such as shared preferences). throughout this mooc youll work incrementally on a project involving a simple multi-activity game that requires data persistence. each week you will add additional capabilities to the project, based on material covered in the lecture videos. youll spend roughly 4 hours per week watching video lectures, taking quizzes, and programming assignments with java and android. "
mooc	course		astronomy: exploring time and space	this course is designed for anyone who is interested in learning more about modern astronomy. we will help you get up to date on the most recent astronomical discoveries while also providing support at an introductory level for those who have no background in science. 
mooc	course		introduction to big data analytics	"this course is for novice programmers or business people whod like to understand more advanced tools used to wrangle and analyze big data. in this course you will be guided in basic approaches to querying and exploring data using higher level tools built on top of a hadoop platform. you will be walked through query interfaces, environments, and the canonical situations for tools like hbase, hive, pig, as well as more general tools like spark-sql. after this course you will be able to identify the kinds of analysis you can get of big data and how to interpret these results. "
mooc	course		mathematical biostatistics boot camp 2	"learn fundamental concepts in data analysis and statistical inference, focusing on one and two independent samples. "
mooc	course		mathematical biostatistics boot camp 1	"this class presents the fundamental probability and statistical concepts used in elementary data analysis. it will be taught at an introductory level for students with junior or senior college-level mathematical training including a working knowledge of calculus. a small amount of linear algebra and programming are useful for the class, but not required. "
mooc	course		business case analysis	"the capstone project is the culmination of your journey through the business english for non-native speakers specialization. it is aimed at applying the written and spoken skills that you have gained to an authentic business situation. you will be able to choose a business case provided by hkust, or use an example from your own work experience and:  (1) prepare an online video presentation (approx.  hour) that analyses the case and provides recommendations, and  (2) prepare a business report to coincide with the presentation (approx. 2,000 words). the report should include an executive summary, analyses of the case and recommendations. "
mooc	course		exploring and producing data for business decision making	"this course provides an analytical framework to help you evaluate key problems in a structured fashion and will equip you with tools to better manage the uncertainties that pervade and complicate business processes. you will be introduced to statistics and how to summarize data, learn concepts of frequency and normal distribution, statistical studies and sampling, and confidence intervals. the course will focus not only explaining these concepts but also understand the meaning of the results obtained. you will: know how effectively summarize data and communicate their meaning understand concept of sampling and how sample statistics allows understanding the larger population. understand how to use sample information to create estimates for the population parameters "
mooc	course		business english: negotiating	"in this course, the context is hosting an event and finding an appropriate venue for it. you will learn language and strategies for successful negotiations culminating in a written announcement for an event. you will learn to compare and use data and employ other strategies to negotiate successfully. course learning objectives  evaluate and compare services and features of two venues make inquiries and arrangements via email list issues a customer has and provide solutions write an announcement for an event "
mooc	course		business english: making presentations	"this course teaches you language and techniques that will help you make effective presentations in english. the final task is to develop a well-organized, persuasive presentation using charts and graphs that sells your city as a venue. course learning objectives  present information in an organized and engaging way share data in charts and graphs use persuasive language in a presentation "
mooc	course		calculus one	"calculus is about the very large, the very small, and how things change. the surprise is that something seemingly so abstract ends up explaining the real world. calculus plays a starring role in the biological, physical, and social sciences. by focusing outside of the classroom, we will see examples of calculus appearing in daily life. this course is a first and friendly introduction to calculus, suitable for someone who has never seen the subject before, or for someone who has seen some calculus but wants to review the concepts and practice applying those concepts to solve problems. "
mooc	course		full stack web development specialization capstone project	"the capstone project is the culmination of your journey through the full stack web development specialization. the capstone project is aimed at building a fully functional front-end application (both web app designed using bootstrap+angularjs, and hybrid mobile app implemented using the ionic framework) and full server-side implementation using node.js+express+mongodb (possibly using a higher level framework). the project provides you an opportunity to demonstrate the skills that you have acquired from the courses within the specialization. "
mooc	course		classical sociological theory	"this massive open online course (mooc) will offer the participants an introduction into the most important classical sociological readings between the 18th and 20th century. highly influential social science scholars, such as karl marx, max weber and emile durkheim, will be discussed during 8 sessions. combined with small tests, based on the videos and recommended readings, the participants will be encouraged to dive deeply into the complex texts and get familiar with classical sociological concepts that are still very relevant today. "
mooc	course		copyright for multimedia	"copyright questions about different formats (data, images, music and video) can be especially difficult. sometimes the law specifically distinguishes between these different formats, and in most cases there are media-specific considerations that impact a copyright analysis. in this course we will look at four different media, paying special attention to the unique issues for each one and the kinds of information that is important when making copyright decisions for each type of material. we will work through fair use issues for each multimedia format, look at format-specific exceptions in the law, and consider unique issues for seeking permission for film, music, images and data. at the end of this course, participants will have a deeper understanding of how to apply our framework for making copyright decisions, and will be more comfortable with assessing multimedia issues. they will have gained more and more diverse experience for considering fair use. "
mooc	course		mastering the software engineering interview	"youve hit a major milestone as a computer scientist and are becoming a capable programmer. you now know how to solve problems, write algorithms, and analyze solutions; and you have a wealth of tools (like data structures) at your disposal. you may now be ready for an internship or (possibly) an entry-level software engineering job. but can you land the internship/job? it depends in part on how well you can solve new technical problems and communicate during interviews. how can you get better at this? practice! with the support of googles recruiting and engineering teams weve provided tips, examples, and practice opportunities in this course that may help you with a number of tech companies. well assist you to organize into teams to practice. lastly, well give you basic job search advice, and tips for succeeding once youre on the job. "
mooc	course		data analysis tools	"in this course, you will develop and test hypotheses about your data. you will learn a variety of statistical tests, as well as strategies to know how to apply the appropriate one to your specific data and question. using your choice of two powerful statistical software packages (sas or python), you will explore anova, chi-square, and pearson correlation analysis. this course will guide you through basic statistical principles to give you the tools to answer questions you have developed. throughout the course, you will share your progress with others to gain valuable feedback and provide insight to other learners about their work. "
mooc	course		getting and cleaning data	"before you can work with data you have to get some. this course will cover the basic ways that data can be obtained. the course will cover obtaining data from the web, from apis, from databases and from colleagues in various formats. it will also cover the basics of data cleaning and how to make data tidy. tidy data dramatically speed downstream data analysis tasks. the course will also cover the components of a complete data set including raw data, processing instructions, codebooks, and processed data. the course will cover the basics needed for collecting, cleaning, and sharing data. "
mooc	course		developing data products	"a data product is the production output from a statistical analysis. data products automate complex analysis tasks or use technology to expand the utility of a data informed model, algorithm or inference. this course covers the basics of creating data products using shiny, r packages, and interactive graphics. the course will focus on the statistical fundamentals of creating a data product that can be used to tell a story about data to a mass audience. "
mooc	course		data science capstone	"the capstone project class will allow students to create a usable/public data product that can be used to show your skills to potential employers. projects will be drawn from real-world problems and will be conducted with industry, government, and academic partners. "
mooc	course		the data scientists toolbox	"in this course you will get an introduction to the main tools and ideas in the data scientists toolbox. the course gives an overview of the data, questions, and tools that data analysts and data scientists work with. there are two components to this course. the first is a conceptual introduction to the ideas behind turning data into actionable knowledge. the second is a practical introduction to the tools that will be used in the program like version control, markdown, git, github, r, and rstudio. "
mooc	course		database management essentials	"database management essentials provides the foundation you need for a career in database development, data warehousing, or business intelligence, as well as for the entire data warehousing for business intelligence specialization. in this course, you will create relational databases, write sql statements to extract information to satisfy business reporting requests, create entity relationship diagrams (erds) to design databases, and analyze table designs for excessive redundancy. as you develop these skills, you will use either oracle or mysql to execute sql statements and a database diagramming tool such as the er assistant to create erds. weve designed this course to ensure a common foundation for specialization learners. everyone taking the course can jump right in with writing sql statements in oracle or mysql. "
mooc	course		data science at scale - capstone project	"in the capstone, students will engage on a real world project requiring them to apply skills from the entire data science pipeline: preparing, organizing, and transforming data, constructing a model, and evaluating results. through a collaboration with coursolve, each capstone project is associated with partner stakeholders who have a vested interest in your results and are eager to deploy them in practice. these projects will not be straightforward and the outcome is not prescribed -- you will need to tolerate ambiguity and negative results! but we believe the experience will be rewarding and will better prepare you for data science projects in practice. "
mooc	course		"designing, running, and analyzing experiments"	"you will never know whether you have an effective user experience until you have tested it with users. in this course, youll learn how to design experiments, how to run experiments, and how to analyze data from these experiments in order to evaluate and validate user experiences. you will work through real-world examples of experiments from the fields of ixd and hci, understanding issues in experiment design and analysis. you will analyze multiple data sets using recipes given to you in the r statistical programming language -- no prior programming experience is assumed or required. by the end of the course, you will be able to knowledgeably design, run, and analyze your own experiments for putting empirical and statistical weight behind your designs. "
mooc	course		diabetes - a global challenge	"diabetes and obesity are growing health problems in rich and poor countries alike. with this course you will get updated on cutting-edge diabetes and obesity research including biological, genetic and clinical aspects as well as prevention and epidemiology of diabetes and obesity. all provided by high-profile scientists from one the worlds leading universities in diabetes research. we hope you will enjoy our course  best wishes  jens juul holst, signe srensen torekov and nicolai wewer albrechtsen  department of biomedical sciences novo nordisk foundation center for basic metabolic research faculty of health and medical sciences university of copenhagen "
mooc	course		calculus: single variable part 2 - differentiation	"calculus is one of the grandest achievements of human thought, explaining everything from planetary orbits to the optimal size of a city to the periodicity of a heartbeat. this brisk course covers the core ideas of single-variable calculus with emphases on conceptual understanding and applications. the course is ideal for students beginning in the engineering, physical, and social sciences. distinguishing features of the course include: 1) the introduction and use of taylor series and approximations from the beginning; 2) a novel synthesis of discrete and continuous forms of calculus; 3) an emphasis on the conceptual over the computational; and 4) a clear, dynamic, unified approach. in this second part--part two of five--we cover derivatives, differentiation rules, linearization, higher derivatives, optimization, differentials, and differentiation operators. "
mooc	course		digital analytics for marketing professionals: marketing analytics in practice	this course builds on the theory and foundations of marketing analytics and focuses on practical application by demystifying the use of data in marketing and helping you realize the power of visualizing data with artful use of numbers found in the digital space.
mooc	course		algorithms for dna sequencing	"we will learn computational methods -- algorithms and data structures -- for analyzing dna sequencing data. we will learn a little about dna, genomics, and how dna sequencing is used. we will use python to implement key algorithms and data structures and to analyze real genomes and dna sequencing datasets. "
mooc	course		programming and the web for beginners	"in this course, you will use computers to creatively design web pages using html and css. you will then use javascript to develop programs and algorithms--ways to get the computer to solve problems. as you progress, you will master the programming process that will be used through the remainder of the courses in this specialization. after completing this course you will be able to: 1. make a web page with html and css; 2. explain the high-level process of developing a program; 3. think critically about how to solve a problem; 4. solve programming problems with javascript, including if/else and looping constructs; 5. use javascript to manipulate images and process data; and 6. recognize debugging as an application of the scientific method.  by the end of this course, you will complete a mini-project where you will use javascript to create your own images algorithmically and a website you have built with html, css, and javascript. "
mooc	course		relational database support for data warehouses	"relational database support for data warehouses is the third course in the data warehousing for business intelligence specialization. in this course, youll use analytical elements of sql for answering business intelligence questions. youll learn features of relational database management systems for managing summary data commonly used in business intelligence reporting. because of the importance and difficulty of managing implementations of data warehouses, well also delve into storage architectures, scalable parallel processing, data governance, and big data impacts. "
mooc	course		the dynamic earth: a course for educators	"the amnh course the dynamic earth: a course for educators provides students with an overview of the origin and evolution of the earth. informed by the recently released next generation science standards, this course examines geological time scales, radiometric dating, and how scientists read the rocks. we will explore dramatic changes in the earth over the last 4 billion years, including how the evolution of life on earth has affected its atmosphere. in addition to looking at geology on a global scale, participants will take to their own backyards to explore and share their local geologic history. course participants will bring their understanding of the dynamic earth - along with content resources, discussion questions, and assignments - into their own teaching. "
mooc	course		our earths future	"our earths future is about the science of climate change and how to talk about it. you will learn from scientists in the fields of climatology, oceanography, earth science, and anthropology who study how climate change is affecting people, populations, and ways of life. explore the multiple lines of evidence for the human-induced climate change that is happening today, and consider what that means for the future of our planet. at the end of this course you will be able to understand key scientific principles, identify and address misconceptions, and contribute confidently to conversations about climate change. "
mooc	course		emerging technologies capstone	"upon completion of this series of courses, you will have the opportunity to take part in a capstone project. "
mooc	course		english for business literacy	"this course aims to improve your business english language skills by developing your vocabulary and reading skills and your understanding of tone, style and knowledge of communication methods. well also cover how these language skills can enhance audience analysis, business case analysis and basic business communication strategies. skills learned in this course will often be referred to and needed to complete the speaking, writing and cross-cultural communications courses of this specialization. after completing this course, you will be able to:  - describe things and events in the context of business english - make requests in the context of business english - support arguments in the context of business english - use appropriate tone and style according to the context of business english - conduct an audience analysis - match audience with the purpose and medium of communication - analyse and summarise business data "
mooc	course		english for effective business speaking	"this course aims to improve your business english speaking skills by developing your use of vocabulary, grammar, pronunciation, spoken communication skills within a business context, and your ability to deliver professional business speeches for specific purposes. skills learned in this course will be used in the cross-cultural communications course and help prepare you to deliver the professional business presentation in the capstone project. after completing this course, you will be able to:  - delivery effective job interviews - give persuasive business pitches - delivery informative business presentations - speak persuasively in english - adapt content to purpose, context and audience - use appropriate style and tone of writing for business purposes "
mooc	course		english for effective business writing	"this course aims to improve your business english writing skills by developing your use of vocabulary, grammar, understanding of different business writing genres, and your ability to write professional business documents. skills learned in this course will be used in the cross-cultural communications course and help prepare you to produce the professional business documents in the capstone project. after completing this course, you will be able to:  - write business emails - write an executive summary - write persuasively in english - adapt content to purpose, context and audience - use appropriate style and tone of writing for business purposes "
mooc	course		executive data science capstone	"the executive data science capstone, the specializations culminating project, is an opportunity for people who have completed all four eds courses to apply what theyve learned to a real-world scenario developed in collaboration with zillow, a data-driven online real estate and rental marketplace, and datacamp, a web-based platform for data science programming. your task will be to lead a virtual data science team and make key decisions along the way to demonstrate that you have what it takes to shepherd a complex analysis project from start to finish. for the final project, you will prepare and submit a presentation, which will be evaluated and graded by your fellow capstone participants. course cover image by luckey_sun. creative commons by-sa https://flic.kr/p/bx1jvu "
mooc	course		exploratory data analysis	this course covers the essential exploratory techniques for summarizing data. these techniques are typically applied before formal modeling commences and can help inform the development of more complex statistical models. exploratory techniques are also important for eliminating or sharpening potential hypotheses about the world that can be addressed by the data. we will cover in detail the plotting systems in r as well as some of the basic principles of constructing data graphics. we will also cover some of the common multivariate statistical techniques used to visualize high-dimensional data. 
mooc	course		financial markets	"professor robert shiller, 2013 nobel prize winner in economic sciences, explores the topic of financial markets in this eight module course. "
mooc	course		principles of fmri 1	"this course covers the design, acquisition, and analysis of functional magnetic resonance imaging (fmri) data. a book related to the class can be found here: https://leanpub.com/principlesoffmri "
mooc	course		genomic data science with galaxy	learn to use the tools that are available from the galaxy project. this is the second course in the genomic big data science specialization. 
mooc	course		command line tools for genomic data science	"introduces to the commands that you need to manage and analyze directories, files, and large sets of genomic data. this is the fourth course in the genomic big data science specialization from johns hopkins university. "
mooc	course		geospatial and environmental analysis	"geospatial analysis allows the user to perform statistical analysis on data that has a spatial component and is one of the core uses for a gis. in this class you will learn the fundamentals of geospatial and environmental analysis during four week-long modules: week 1: tour arctoolbox and learn how to use common geospatial analysis tools built into arcgis  week 2: gain a working understanding of raster data models: symbolize, reproject, overlay, and assess rasters.  week 3: expand your knowledge of symbology. learn how to visually display your data by classifying it in logical groupings and then symbolizing it on your map.  week 4: learn how to use environment variables to constrain your analyses and get better quality data products.  take geospatial and environmental analysis as a standalone course or as part of the geographic information systems (gis) specialization. by completing the third class in the specialization you will gain the skills needed to succeed in the full program. "
mooc	course		global health: an interdisciplinary overview	"this course proposes an overview of current global health challenges drawing on the insights of several academic disciplines including medicine, public health, law, economics, social sciences and humanities. this interdisciplinary approach will guide the student into seven critical topics in global health. "
mooc	course		global warming ii: create your own models in python	"this class provides a series of python programming exercises intended to explore the use of numerical modeling in the earth system and climate sciences. the scientific background for these models is presented in a companion class, global warming i: the science and modeling of climate change. this class assumes that you are new to python programming (and this is indeed a great way to learn python!), but that you will be able to pick up an elementary knowledge of python syntax from another class or from on-line tutorials. "
mooc	course		global warming i: the science and modeling of climate change	"this class describes the science of global warming and the forecast for humans impact on earths climate. intended for an audience without much scientific background but a healthy sense of curiosity, the class brings together insights and perspectives from physics, chemistry, biology, earth and atmospheric sciences, and even some economicsall based on a foundation of simple mathematics (algebra). "
mooc	course		graph analytics for big data	"want to understand your data network structure and how it changes under different conditions? curious to know how to identify closely interacting clusters within a graph? have you heard of the fast-growing area of graph analytics and want to learn more? this course gives you a broad overview of the field of graph analytics so you can learn new ways to model, store, retrieve and analyze graph-structured data. after completing this course, you will be able to model a problem into a graph database and perform analytical tasks over the graph in a scalable manner. better yet, you will be able to apply these techniques to understand the significance of your data sets for your own projects. "
mooc	course		hadoop platform and application framework	"this course is for novice programmers or business people whod like to understand the core tools used to wrangle and analyze big data. with no prior experience, youll have the opportunity to walk through hands-on examples with hadoop and spark frameworks, two of the most common in the industry. you will be comfortable explaining the specific components and basic processes of the hadoop architecture, software stack, and execution environment. in the assignments you will be guided in how data scientists apply the important concepts and techniques, such as map-reduce that are used to solve fundamental problems in big data. youll feel empowered to have conversations about big data and the data analysis processes."
mooc	course		the horse course: introduction to basic care and management	"there are over 100 million horses, donkeys and mules in the world today and owners of these animals can be found on almost every continent and in almost every society. the horse course will cover many unique aspects of equine ownership and touch upon the science behind many of todays management practices. "
mooc	course		"html, css and javascript"	"this course will teach you the essential elements of web page development, covering html, css and javascript. no previous experience of these technologies is necessary, although it is helpful if you have some prior programming experience. first, html together with css are discussed and explored. then we move on to consider the essential components of javascript, including variables, arrays, loops, events and functions. then we explore more advanced elements of javascript control, including advanced use of functions, event control, array processing, and dom manipulation. after completing this course, you will be able to:  - create a web page using html elements - be able to apply css (style sheet rules) to parts of a web page, for altering display and behavior - be able to program interactive javascript in a web page "
mooc	course		calculus: single variable part 3 - integration	"calculus is one of the grandest achievements of human thought, explaining everything from planetary orbits to the optimal size of a city to the periodicity of a heartbeat. this brisk course covers the core ideas of single-variable calculus with emphases on conceptual understanding and applications. the course is ideal for students beginning in the engineering, physical, and social sciences. distinguishing features of the course include: 1) the introduction and use of taylor series and approximations from the beginning; 2) a novel synthesis of discrete and continuous forms of calculus; 3) an emphasis on the conceptual over the computational; and 4) a clear, dynamic, unified approach. in this third part--part three of five--we cover integrating differential equations, techniques of integration, the fundamental theorem of integral calculus, and difficult integrals. "
mooc	course		capstone: analyzing (social) network data	"in this capstone project well combine all of the skills from all four specialization courses to do something really fun: analyze social networks! the opportunities for learning are practically endless in a social network. who are the influential members of the network? what are the sub-communities in the network? who is connected to whom, and by how many links? these are just some of the questions you can explore in this project.  we will provide you with a real-world data set and some infrastructure for getting started, as well as some warm up tasks and basic project requirements, but then itll be up to you where you want to take the project. if youre running short on ideas, well have several suggested directions that can help get your creativity and imagination going. finally, to integrate the skills you acquired in course 4 (and to show off your project!) you will be asked to create a video showcase of your final product. "
mooc	course		internet emerging technologies	"every information service is connected through the internet. if your work is any bit related to information, there is no excuse, you have to know what the internet is and how it works! the relation of information and the internet is equivalent to the blood and blood vessels of our body, which we have been using and will be using every day of our lives. this course will enlighten your understanding of what the internet is and how it works. ip (internet protocol) ipv4 and ipv6 keep the internet alive by enabling remote computers to communicate through various inter-connected networks through inter-networking technology, which is where the name internet came from. tcp and udp are used by the end devices (e.g., computers, smartphones, servers, clouds) that are communicating to connect applications/services across the internet. the details of ipv4, ipv6, tcp, udp, and internet operations are covered in this course. "
mooc	course		introduction to genomic technologies	"this course introduces you to the basic biology of modern genomics and the experimental tools that we use to measure it. well introduce the central dogma of molecular biology and cover how next-generation sequencing can be used to measure dna, rna, and epigenetic patterns. youll also get an introduction to the key concepts in computing and data science that youll need to understand how data from next-generation sequencing experiments are generated and analyzed. this is the first course in the genomic data science specialization. "
mooc	course		app design and development for ios	"in app design and development for ios, the third course of the ios app development with swift specialization, you will be developing foundational programming skills to support graphical element presentation and data manipulation from basic functions through to advanced processing. you will continue to build your skill set to use and apply core graphics, touch handling and gestures, animations and transitions, alerts and actions as well as advanced algorithms, threading and more. by the end of this course you will be able to develop a more advanced, fully functioning app. "
mooc	course		internet of things &amp; augmented reality emerging technologies	"what is the internet of things? what is augmented reality? this course deals with the new emerging technologies of iot (internet of things) and ar (augmented reality). iot is a new emerging technology domain which will be used to connect all objects through the internet for remote sensing and control. iot uses a combination of wsn (wireless sensor network), m2m (machine to machine), robotics, wireless networking, internet technologies, and smart devices.  ar is the most effective technology in providing real-time and real-world view information to users, where advancements in smart devices are expected to trigger various new ar services.  currently, iot and ar technologies already exist and available services can be found. however, there is so much more to come in iot and ar technologies, which is why it is so important to understand what can be provided through these technologies and how these technologies work."
mooc	course		"java programming: arrays, lists, and structured data"	"this course will build on the skills you learn in java programming: solving problems with software. you will continue to expand your programming skill set to read and manipulate data with more complex structure. you will also write programs with more complex structure. by the end of this course, you will be able to: 1. read and write data from/to files; 2. solve problems involving data files; 3. perform quantitative analyses of data (e.g., finding maximums, minimums, averages); 4. store and manipulate data in an array or arraylist; 5. combine multiple classes to solve larger problems; 6. use iterables and collections (including maps) in java."
mooc	course		leadership through marketing	"the success of every organization depends on attracting and retaining customers. although the marketing concepts for doing so are well established, digital technology has empowered customers, while producing massive amounts of data, revolutionizing the processes through which organizations attract and retain customers. in this course, students will learn how to identify new opportunities to create value for empowered consumers, develop strategies that yield an advantage over rivals, and develop the data science skills to lead more effectively, allocate resources, and to confront this very challenging environment with confidence. "
mooc	course		imagining other earths	"are we alone? this course introduces core concepts in astronomy, biology, and planetary science that enable the student to speculate scientifically about this profound question and invent their own solar systems. "
mooc	course		machine learning for data analysis	"are you interested in predicting future outcomes using your data? this course helps you do just that! machine learning is the process of developing, testing, and applying predictive algorithms to achieve this goal. make sure to familiarize yourself with course 3 of this specialization before diving into these machine learning concepts. building on course 3, which introduces students to integral supervised machine learning concepts, this course will provide an overview of many additional concepts, techniques, and algorithms in machine learning, from basic classification to decision trees and clustering. by completing this course, you will learn how to apply, test, and interpret machine learning algorithms as alternative methods for addressing your research questions. "
mooc	course		machine learning with big data	"want to learn the basics of large-scale data processing? need to make predictive models but dont know the right tools? this course will introduce you to open source tools you can use for parallel, distributed and scalable machine learning. after completing this courses hands-on projects with knime and spark, you will be able to train, evaluate, and validate basic predictive models. you will be able to describe and apply common clustering techniques and classification algorithms. "
mooc	course		marketing analytics	"organizations large and small are inundated with data about consumer choices. knowing how to interpret data is the challenge -- and marketers in particular are increasingly expected to use analytics to inform and justify their decisions. this course gives you the tools to measure brand and customer assets, perform regression analysis, and design experiments as a way to evaluate and optimize marketing campaigns. real-world examples with companies such as snapple, ibm, and netflix show how marketing analytics informs important decisions. this course is ideal for learners who want to grow their knowledge, develop their career portfolio, and improve the effectiveness of their marketing campaigns.  week 1: marketing resource allocation week 2: metrics for measuring brand assets week 3: customer lifetime value week 4: regression basics week 5: marketing experiments "
mooc	course		digital analytics for marketing professionals: marketing analytics in theory	learn the introductory theory and strategy behind marketing analytics that provides marketers with the foundation needed to apply data analytics to real-world challenges they confront daily in their professional lives. 
mooc	course		materials science: 10 things every engineer should know	"we explore 10 things that range from the menu of materials available to engineers in their profession to the many mechanical and electrical properties of materials important to their use in various engineering fields. we also discuss the principles behind the manufacturing of those materials. by the end of the course, you will be able to: recognize the important aspects of the materials used in modern engineering applications, explain the underlying principle of materials science: structure leads to properties, identify the role of thermally activated processes in many of these important things  as illustrated by the arrhenius relationship. relate each of these topics to issues that have arisen (or potentially could arise) in your life and work.  if you would like to explore the topic in more depth you may purchase dr. shackelfords textbook:  j.f. shackelford, introduction to materials science for engineers, eighth edition, pearson prentice-hall, upper saddle river, nj, 2015 "
mooc	course		  (modern combinatorics)	" -  , ,   ,     ,   ,    ,      ,             - , ,  ,    ., -     . ,  ,     :          ,         computer science,    ,     ,    .             ,       :        ,       ,   ,  ,   .               ,  , ,  ,     .  .        .  7    1  .     ,  10%    (5%   5%   ).         ,     15%   .            50%    . "
mooc	course		performance assessment in the virtual classroom	"effective measures of performance and assessment are a crucial component of any virtual program. teachers and administrators must understand both the myths and challenges of assessing performance virtually, administering standardized testing with geographical challenges, and complying with state and local requirements to make sure students are meeting requirements. this course will discuss student performance in a virtual classroom, formats of virtual assessments, assessing special populations, including at-risk, gifted, and special needs students, data analysis of virtual course gradebooks, and learning management systems as related to performance and assessment. this course will enable teachers to see the importance of communication and organization in managing virtual caseloads, and monitoring student learning remotely through the effective use of learning management system features. "
mooc	course		seeing through photographs	"although taking, sharing, and viewing photographs has become second nature for many of us, our regular engagement with images does not necessarily make us visually literate. this course aims to address the gap between seeing and truly understanding photographs by introducing a diversity of ideas, approaches, and technologies that inform their making. in this course you will look closely at photographs from the collection of the museum of modern art and hear a variety of perspectives on what a photograph is and the ways that photography has been used throughout its nearly 180 year history: as a means of artistic expression, as a tool for science and exploration; as an instrument of documentation; to tell stories and record histories; and as a mode of communication and critique in our ever increasingly visual culture. "
mooc	course		positive psychology	"this course discusses research findings in the field of positive psychology, conducted by barbara fredrickson and her colleagues. it also features practical applications of this science that you can put to use immediately to help you live a full and meaningful life. "
mooc	course		practical machine learning	"one of the most common tasks performed by data scientists and data analysts are prediction and machine learning. this course will cover the basic components of building and applying prediction functions with an emphasis on practical applications. the course will provide basic grounding in concepts such as training and tests sets, overfitting, and error rates. the course will also introduce a range of model based and algorithmic machine learning methods including regression, classification trees, naive bayes, and random forests. the course will cover the complete process of building prediction functions including data collection, feature creation, algorithms, and evaluation. "
mooc	course		"capstone: retrieving, processing, and visualizing data with python"	"in the capstone, students will build a series of applications to retrieve, process and visualize data using python. the projects will involve all the elements of the specialization. in the first part of the capstone, students will do the same visualizations to become familiar with the technologies in use and then will pursue their own project to visualize some other data that they have or can find. chapter 15 from the book python for informatics will serve as the backbone for the capstone. "
mooc	course		python data structures	"this course will introduce the core data structures of the python programming language. we will move past the basics of procedural programming and explore how we can use the python built-in data structures such as lists, dictionaries, and tuples to perform increasingly complex data analysis. this course will cover chapters 6-10 of the textbook python for informatics. this course is equivalent to the second half of the 11-week programming for everybody (python) course. "
mooc	course		using databases with python	"this course will introduce students to the basics of the structured query language (sql) as well as basic database design for storing data as part of a multi-step data gathering, analysis, and processing effort. the course will use sqlite3 as its database. we will also build web crawlers and multi-step data gathering and visualization processes. we will use the d3.js library to do basic data visualization. this course will cover chapters 14-15 of the book python for informatics. to succeed in this course, you should be familiar with the material covered in chapters 1-13 of the textbook and the first three courses in this specialization. "
mooc	course		python for genomic data science	this class provides an introduction to the python programming language and the ipython notebook. this is the third course in the genomic big data science specialization from johns hopkins university. 
mooc	course		using python to access web data	"this course will show how one can treat the internet as a source of data. we will scrape, parse, and read web data as well as access data using web apis. we will work with html, xml, and json data formats in python. this course will cover chapters 11-13 of the textbook python for informatics. to succeed in this course, you should be familiar with the material covered in chapters 1-10 of the textbook and the first two courses in this specialization. these topics include variables and expressions, conditional execution (loops, branching, and try/except), functions, python data structures (strings, lists, dictionaries, and tuples), and manipulating files. "
mooc	course		qualitative research methods	"in this course you will be introduced to the basic ideas behind the qualitative research in social science. you will learn about data collection, description, analysis and interpretation in qualitative research. qualitative research often involves an iterative process. we will focus on the ingredients required for this process: data collection and analysis. you wont learn how to use qualitative methods by just watching videos, so we put much stress on collecting data through observation and interviewing and on analysing and interpreting the collected data in other assignments. obviously, the most important concepts in qualitative research will be discussed, just as we will discuss quality criteria, good practices, ethics, writing some methods of analysis, and mixing methods. we hope to take away some prejudice, and enthuse many students for qualitative research. "
mooc	course		quantitative methods	"discover the principles of solid scientific methods in the behavioral and social sciences. join us and learn to separate sloppy science from solid research! this course will cover the fundamental principles of science, some history and philosophy of science, research designs, measurement, sampling and ethics. the course is comparable to a university level introductory course on quantitative research methods in the social sciences, but has a strong focus on research integrity. we will use examples from sociology, political sciences, educational sciences, communication sciences and psychology. "
mooc	course		r programming	"in this course you will learn how to program in r and how to use r for effective data analysis. you will learn how to install and configure software necessary for a statistical programming environment and describe generic programming language concepts as they are implemented in a high-level statistical language. the course covers practical issues in statistical computing which includes programming in r, reading data into r, accessing r packages, writing r functions, debugging, profiling r code, and organizing and commenting r code. topics in statistical data analysis will provide working examples. "
mooc	course		regression modeling in practice	"this course focuses on one of the most important tools in your data analysis arsenal: regression analysis. using either sas or python, you will begin with linear regression and then learn how to adapt when two variables do not present a clear linear relationship. you will examine multiple predictors of your outcome and be able to identify confounding variables, which can tell a more compelling story about your results. you will learn the assumptions underlying regression analysis, how to interpret regression coefficients, and how to use regression diagnostic plots and other tools to evaluate the quality of your regression model. throughout the course, you will share with others the regression models you have developed and the stories they tell you. "
mooc	course		regression models	"linear models, as their name implies, relates an outcome to a set of predictors of interest using linear assumptions. regression models, a subset of linear models, are the most important statistical analysis tool in a data scientists toolkit. this course covers regression analysis, least squares and inference using regression models. special cases of the regression model, anova and ancova will be covered as well. analysis of residuals and variability will be investigated. the course will cover modern thinking on model selection and novel uses of regression models including scatterplot smoothing. "
Berkeley-DS	course	DATASCI W200	Python Fundamentals for Data Science	"This fast-paced course gives students fundamental Python knowledge necessary for advanced work in data science. Students gain frequent practice writing code, building to advanced skills focused on data science applications. We introduce a range of Python objects and control structures, then build on these with classes on object-oriented programming. A major programming project reinforces these concepts, giving?students insight into how a large piece of software is built and experience managing a full-cycle development project. The last section covers two popular Python packages for data analysis, Numpy and Pandas, and includes an exploratory data analysis."
Berkeley-DS	course	DATASCI W201 	Research Design and Applications for Data and Analysis	"Introduces the data sciences landscape, with a particular focus on learning data science techniques to uncover and answer the questions students will encounter in industry. Lectures, readings, discussions, and assignments will teach how to apply disciplined, creative methods to ask better questions, gather data, interpret results, and convey findings to various audiences. The emphasis throughout is on making?practical contributions to real decisions that organizations will and should make. Course must be taken for a letter grade to fulfill degree requirements."
Berkeley-DS	course	DATASCI W203 	Statistics for Data Science	"This course provides students with a foundational understanding of classical statistics within the broader context of data science. Topics include exploratory analysis and descriptive statistics, probability theory and the foundations of statistical modeling, estimators, hypothesis testing, and classical linear regression. Causal inference and reproducibility issues are treated briefly. Students will learn?to apply the most common statistical procedures correctly, checking assumptions and responding appropriately when they appear violated; to evaluate the design of a study and how the variables being measured relate to research questions; and to analyze real-world data using the open-source language R."
Berkeley-DS	course	DATASCI W205 	Storing and Retrieving Data 	"Data Science depends on data, and a core competency mandated by this reliance on data is knowing effective and efficient ways to manage, search and compute over that data. This course is focused on how data can be stored, managed and retrieved as needed for use in analysis or operations. The goal of this course is provide students with both theoretical knowledge and practical experience leading to mastery of?data management, storage and retrieval with very large-scale data sets. Course must be taken for a letter grade to fulfill degree requirements."
Berkeley-DS	course	DATASCI W207 	Applied Machine Learning 	"Machine learning is a rapidly growing field at the intersection of computer science and statistics concerned with finding patterns in data. It is responsible for tremendous advances in technology, from personalized product recommendations to speech recognition in cell phones. This course provides a broad introduction to the key ideas in machine learning. The emphasis will be on intuition and practical examples?rather than theoretical results, though some experience with probability, statistics, and linear algebra will be important. Course must be taken for a letter grade to fulfill degree requirements."
Berkeley-DS	course	DATASCI W209 	Data Visualization and Communication 	"Communicating clearly and effectively about the patterns we find in data is a key skill for a successful data scientist. This course focuses on the design and implementation of complementary visual and verbal representations of patterns and analyses in order to convey findings, answer questions, drive decisions, and provide persuasive evidence supported by data. Assignments will give hands-on experience designing?data graphics and visualizations, and reporting findings in prose. Course must be taken for a letter grade to fulfill degree requirements."
Berkeley-DS	course	DATASCI W210 	Capstone 	"The capstone course will cement skills learned throughout the MIDS program C both core data science skills and soft skills like problem-solving, communication, influencing, and management C preparing students for success in the field. The centerpiece is a semester-long group project in which teams of students propose and select project ideas, conduct and communicate their work, receive and provide feedback?(in informal group discussions as well as formal class presentations), and deliver compelling presentations along with a Web-based final deliverable. Includes relevant readings, case discussions, and real-world examples and perspectives from panel discussions with leading data science experts and industry practitioners."
Berkeley-DS	course	DATASCI W231 	Behind the Data: Humans and Values 	"Intro to the legal, policy, and ethical implications of data, including privacy, surveillance, security, classification, discrimination, decisional-autonomy, and duties to warn or act. Examines legal, policy, and ethical issues throughout the full data-science life cycle  collection, storage, processing, analysis, and use  with case studies from criminal justice, national security, health, marketing, politics, education, employment, athletics, and development. Includes legal and policy constraints and considerations for specific domains and data-types, collection methods, and institutions; technical, legal, and market approaches to mitigating and managing concerns; and the strengths and benefits of competing and complementary approaches."
Berkeley-DS	course	DATASCI W241 	Experiments and Causal Inference 	"This course introduces students to experimentation in the social sciences. This topic has increased considerably in importance since 1995, as researchers have learned to think creatively about how to generate data in more scientific ways, and developments in information technology have facilitated the development of better data gathering. Key to this area of inquiry is the insight that correlation does not necessarily imply causality. In this course, we learn how to use experiments to establish causal effects and how to be appropriately skeptical of findings from observational data."
Berkeley-DS	course	DATASCI W251 	Scaling Up! Really Big Data 	"An overview of the contemporary toolkits for problems related to cloud computing and big data. Because the class is an advanced course, we generally assume familiarity with the concepts and spend more time on the implementation. Every lecture is followed by a hands-on assignment, where students get to experience some of the technologies covered in the lecture. By the time students complete the course, they?should be able to name the big data problem they are facing, select proper tooling, and know enough to start applying it."
Berkeley-DS	course	DATASCI W261 	Machine Learning at Scale 	This course teaches the underlying principles required to develop scalable machine learning pipelines for structured and unstructured data at the petabyte scale. Students will gain hands-on experience in Apache Hadoop and Apache Spark.
Berkeley-DS	course	DATASCI W266 	Natural Language Processing with Deep Learning 	"Understanding language is fundamental to human interaction. Our brains have evolved language-specific circuitry that helps us learn it very quickly; however, this also means that we have great difficulty explaining how exactly meaning arises from sounds and symbols. This course is a broad introduction to linguistic phenomena and our attempts to analyze them with machine learning. We will cover a wide range?of concepts with a focus on practical applications such as information extraction, machine translation, sentiment analysis, and summarization"
Berkeley-DS	course	DATASCI W271 	Statistical Methods for Discrete Response Time Series and Panel Data 	"A continuation of Data Science W203 (Exploring and Analyzing Data), this course trains data science students to apply more advanced methods from regression analysis and time series models. Central topics include linear regression, causal inference, identification strategies, and a wide-range of time series models that are frequently used by industry professionals. Throughout the course, we emphasize choosing, applying, and implementing statistical techniques to capture key patterns and generate insight from data. Students who successfully complete this course will be able to distinguish between appropriate and inappropriate techniques given the problem under consideration, the data available, and the given timeframe."
Stanford-DS	course	CME 302	Numerical Linear Algebra	"Solution of linear systems, accuracy, stability, LU, Cholesky, QR, least squares problems, singular value decomposition, eigenvalue computation, iterative methods, Krylov subspace, Lanczos and Arnoldi processes, conjugate gradient, GMRES, direct methods for sparse matrices. "
Stanford-DS	course	CME 305	Discrete Mathematics and Algorithms	"Topics: Basic Algebraic Graph Theory, Matroids and Minimum Spanning Trees, Submodularity and Maximum Flow, NP-Hardness, Approximation Algorithms, Randomized Algorithms, The Probabilistic Method, and Spectral Sparsification using Effective Resistances. Topics will be illustrated with applications from Distributed Computing, Machine Learning, and large-scale Optimization. "
Stanford-DS	course	CME 307	Optimization	"Applications, theories, and algorithms for finite-dimensional linear and nonlinear optimization problems with continuous variables. Elements of convex analysis, first- and second-order optimality conditions, sensitivity and duality. Algorithms for unconstrained optimization, and linearly and nonlinearly constrained problems. Modern applications in communication, game theory, auction, and economics. "
Stanford-DS	course	CME 308	Stochastic Methods in Engineering.	"The basic limit theorems of probability theory and their application to maximum likelihood estimation. Basic Monte Carlo methods and importance sampling. Markov chains and processes, random walks, basic ergodic theory and its application to parameter estimation. Discrete time stochastic control and Bayesian filtering. Diffusion approximations, Brownian motion and an introduction to stochastic differential equations. Examples and problems from various applied areas."
Stanford-DS	course	CME 309	Randomized Algorithms and Probabilistic Analysis	"Randomness pervades the natural processes around us, from the formation of networks, to genetic recombination, to quantum physics. Randomness is also a powerful tool that can be leveraged to create algorithms and data structures which, in many cases, are more efficient and simpler than their deterministic counterparts. This course covers the key tools of probabilistic analysis, and application of these tools to understand the behaviors of random processes and algorithms. Emphasis is on theoretical foundations, though we will apply this theory broadly, discussing applications in machine learning and data analysis, networking, and systems. Topics include tail bounds, the probabilistic method, Markov chains, and martingales, with applications to analyzing random graphs, metric embeddings, random walks, and a host of powerful and elegant randomized algorithms."
Stanford-DS	course	STATS 290	Computing for Data Science	"Programming and computing techniques for the requirements of data science: acquisition and organization of data; visualization, modelling and inference for scientific applications; presentation and interactive communication of results. Emphasis on computing for substantial projects. Software development with emphasis on R, plus other key software tools."
Stanford-DS	course	PSYCH 204A	Human Neuroimaging Methods.	"This course introduces the student to human neuroimaging using magnetic resonance scanners. The course is a mixture of lectures and hands-on software tutorials. The course begins by introducing basic MR principles. Then various MR measurement modalities are described, including several types of structural and functional imaging methods. Finally algorithms for analyzing and visualizing the various types of neuroimaging data are explained, including anatomical images, functional data, diffusion imaging (e.g., DTI) and magnetization transfer. Emphasis is on explaining software methods used for interpreting these types of data."
Stanford-DS	course	OIT 367	Business Intelligence from Big Data	"The objective of this course is to analyze real-world situations where significant competitive advantage can be obtained through large-scale data analysis, with special attention to what can be done with the data and where the potential pitfalls lie. Students will be challenged to develop business-relevant questions and then solve for them by manipulating large data sets. Problems from advertising, eCommerce, finance, healthcare, marketing, and revenue management are presented. Students learn to apply software (such as R and SQL) to data sets to create knowledge that will inform decisions. The course covers fundamentals of statistical modeling, machine learning, and data-driven decision making. Students are expected to layer these topics over an existing facility with mathematical notation, algebra, calculus, probability, and basic statistics."
Stanford-DS	course	ENERGY 240	Data science for geoscience	"Overview of some of the most important data science methods (statistics, machine learning & computer vision) relevant for geological sciences, as well as other fields in the Earth Sciences. Areas covered are: extreme value statistics for predicting rare events; compositional data analysis for geochemistry; multivariate analysis for designing data & computer experiments; probabilistic aggregation of evidence for spatial mapping; functional data analysis for multivariate environmental datasets, spatial regression and modeling spatial uncertainty with covariate information (geostatistics). Identification & learning of geo-objects with computer vision. Focus on practicality rather than theory. Matlab exercises on realistic data problems."
Stanford-DS	course	PHYSICS 240	Introduction to the Physics of Energy	"Energy as a consumable. Forms and interconvertability. World Joule budget. Equivalents in rivers, oil pipelines and nuclear weapons. Quantum mechanics of fire, batteries and fuel cells. Hydrocarbon and hydrogen synthesis. Fundamental limits to mechanical, electrical and magnetic strengths of materials. Flywheels, capacitors and high pressure tanks. Principles of AC and DC power transmission. Impossibility of pure electricity storage. Surge and peaking. Solar constant. Photovoltaic and thermal solar conversion. Physical limits on agriculture."
Stanford-DS	course	CS 448	Topics in Computer Graphics	"Topic changes each quarter. Recent topics: computational photography, datannvisualization, character animation, virtual worlds, graphics architectures, advanced rendering. See http://graphics.stanford.edu/courses for offererings and prerequisites. May be repeated for credit."
Stanford-DS	course	CS 231N	Convolutional Neural Networks for Visual Recognition	"Computer Vision has become ubiquitous in our society, with applications innsearch, image understanding, apps, mapping, medicine, drones, andnself-driving cars. Core to many of these applications are the tasks of image classification, localization and detection. This course is a deep dive into details of neural network architectures with a focus on learning end-to-end models for these tasks, particularly image classification. During the 10-week course, students will learn to implement, train and debug their own neural networks and gain a detailed understanding of cutting-edge research in computer vision. The final assignment will involve training a multi-million parameter convolutional neural network and applying it on the largest image classification dataset (ImageNet). We will focus on teaching how to set up the problem of image recognition, the learning algorithms (e.g. backpropagation), practical engineering tricks for training and fine-tuning the networks and guide the students through hands-on assignments and a final course project. Much of the background and materials of this course will be drawn from the ImageNet Challenge: http://image-net.org/challenges/LSVRC/2014/index. Prerequisites: Proficiency in Python; familiarity with C/C++; CS 131 and CS 229 or equivalents; Math 21 or equivalent, linear algebra."
Stanford-DS	course	CS 229	Machine Learning	"Topics: statistical pattern recognition, linear and non-linear regression, non-parametric methods, exponential family, GLMs, support vector machines, kernel methods, model/feature selection, learning theory, VC dimension, clustering, density estimation, EM, dimensionality reduction, ICA, PCA, reinforcement learning and adaptive control, Markov decision processes, approximate dynamic programming, and policy search."
Stanford-DS	course	CS 224W	Analysis of Networks	"Networks are a fundamental tool for modeling complex social, technological, and biological systems. Coupled with emergence of online social networks and large-scale data availability in biological sciences, this course focuses on the analysis of massive networks which provide many computational, algorithmic, and modeling challenges. This course develops computational tools that reveal how the social, technological, and natural worlds are connected, and how the study of networks sheds light on these connections. nTopics include: how information spreads through society; robustness and fragility of food webs and financial markets; algorithms for the World Wide Web; friend prediction in online social networks; identification of functional modules in biological networks; disease outbreak detection."
Stanford-DS	course	BIOS 221	Modern Statistics for Modern Biology	"Application based course in nonparametric statistics. Modern toolbox of visualization and statistical methods for the analysis of data, examples drawn from immunology, microbiology, cancer research and ecology. Methods covered include multivariate methods (PCA and extensions), sparse representations (trees, networks, contingency tables) as well as nonparametric testing (Bootstrap, permutation and Monte Carlo methods). Hands on, use R and cover many Bioconductor packages. Prerequisite: Minimal familiarity with computers. Instructor consent. Cross-listed as STATS 366"
Stanford-DS	course	BIOMEDIN 215	Data Driven Medicine	"The widespread adoption of electronic health records (EHRs) has created a new source of ?big data??namely, the record of routine clinical practice?as a by-product of care. This graduate class will teach you how to use EHRs and other patient data to discover new clinical knowledge and improve healthcare. Upon completing this course, you should be able to: differentiate between and give examples of categories of research questions and the study designs used to address them, describe common healthcare data sources and their relative advantages and limitations, extract and transform various kinds of clinical data to create analysis-ready datasets, design and execute an analysis of a clinical dataset based on your familiarity with the workings, applicability, and limitations of common statistical methods, evaluate and criticize published research using your knowledge of 1-4 to generate new research ideas and separate hype from reality. Prerequisites: CS 106A or equivalent, STATS 60 or equivalent. Recommended: STATS 216, CS 145, STATS 305."
Stanford-DS	course	BIOE 214	Representations and Algorithms for Computational Molecular Biology	"Topics: introduction to bioinformatics and computational biology, algorithms for alignment of biological sequences and structures, computing with strings, phylogenetic tree construction, hidden Markov models, basic structural computations on proteins, protein structure prediction, protein threading techniques, homology modeling, molecular dynamics and energy minimization, statistical analysis of 3D biological data, integration of data sources, knowledge representation and controlled terminologies for molecular biology, microarray analysis, machine learning (clustering and classification), and natural language text processing. Prerequisite: CS 106B; recommended: CS161; consent of instructor for 3 units."
Stanford-DS	course	CS 316	Advanced Multi-Core Systems	"In-depth coverage of the architectural techniques used in modern, multi-core chips for mobile and server systems. Advanced processor design techniques (superscalar cores, VLIW cores, multi-threaded cores, energy-efficient cores), cache coherence, memory consistency, vector processors, graphics processors, heterogeneous processors, and hardware support for security and parallel programming. Students will become familiar with complex trade-offs between performance-power-complexity and hardware-software interactions. A central part of CS316 is a project on an open research question on multi-core technologies."
Stanford-DS	course	CS 315A	Parallel Computer Architecture and Programming	"The principles and tradeoffs in the design of parallel architectures. Emphasis is on naming, latency, bandwidth, and synchronization in parallel machines. Case studies on shared memory, message passing, data flow, and data parallel machines illustrate techniques. Architectural studies and lectures on techniques for programming parallel computers. Programming assignments on one or more commercial multiprocessors. Prerequisites: EE 282, and reasonable programming experience."
Stanford-DS	course	CS 149	Parallel Computing	"This course is an introduction to parallelism and parallel programming. Most new computer architectures are parallel; programming these machines requires knowledge of the basic issues of and techniques for writing parallel software. Topics: varieties of parallelism in current hardware (e.g., fast networks, multicore, accelerators such as GPUs, vector instruction sets), importance of locality, implicit vs. explicit parallelism, shared vs. non-shared memory, synchronization mechanisms (locking, atomicity, transactions, barriers), and parallel programming models (threads, data parallel/streaming, MapReduce, Apache Spark, SPMD, message passing, SIMT, transactions, and nested parallelism). Significant parallel programming assignments will be given as homework. The course is open to students who have completed the introductory CS course sequence through 110 and have taken CS 143."
Stanford-DS	course	CME 342	Parallel Methods in Numerical Analysis	"Emphasis is on techniques for obtaining maximum parallelism in numerical algorithms, especially those occurring when solving matrix problems, partial differential equations, and the subsequent mapping onto the computer. Implementation issues on parallel computers. Topics: parallel architecture, programming models (MPI, GPU Computing with CUDA ? quick review), matrix computations, FFT, fast multiple methods, domain decomposition, graph partitioning, discrete algorithms. Prerequisites: 302 or 200 (ME 300A), 213 or equivalent, or consent of instructor. Recommended: differential equations and knowledge of a high-level programming language such as C or C++ (F90/95 also allowable)."
Stanford-DS	course	CME 323	Distributed Algorithms and Optimization	"The emergence of clusters of commodity machines with parallel processing units has brought with it a slew of new algorithms and tools. Many fields such as Machine Learning and Optimization have adapted their algorithms to handle such clusters. Topics include distributed and parallel algorithms for: Optimization, Numerical Linear Algebra, Machine Learning, Graph analysis, Streaming algorithms, and other problems that are challenging to scale on a commodity cluster. The class will focus on analyzing parallel and distributed programs, with some implementation using Apache Spark and TensorFlow."
Stanford-DS	course	CME 213	"Introduction to parallel computing using MPI, openMP, and CUDA"	"This class will give hands on experience with programming multicore processors, graphics processing units (GPU), and parallel computers. Focus will be on the message passing interface (MPI, parallel clusters) and the compute unified device architecture (CUDA, GPU). Topics will include: network topologies, modeling communication times, collective communication operations, parallel efficiency, MPI, dense linear algebra using MPI. Symmetric multiprocessing (SMP), pthreads, openMP. CUDA, combining MPI and CUDA, dense linear algebra using CUDA, sort, reduce and scan using CUDA. Pre-requisites include: C programming language and numerical algorithms (solution of differential equations, linear algebra, Fourier transforms)."
Stanford-DS	course	CME 212	Advanced Software Development for Scientists and Engineers	"Advanced topics in software development, debugging, and performance optimization are covered. The capabilities and usage of common libraries and frameworks such as BLAS, LAPACK, FFT, PETSc, and MKL/ACML are reviewed. Computer representation of integer and floating point numbers, and interoperability between C/C++ and Fortran is described. More advanced software engineering topics including: representing data in files, signals, unit and regression testing, and build automation. The use of debugging tools including static analysis, gdb, and Valgrind are introduced. An introduction to computer architecture covering processors, memory hierarchy, storage, and networking provides a foundation for understanding software performance. Profiles generated using gprof and perf are used to help guide the performance optimization process. Computational problems from various science and engineering disciplines will be used in assignments."
Stanford-DS	course	STATS 315B	Modern Applied Statistics: Data Mining	"Two-part sequence. New techniques for predictive and descriptive learning using ideas that bridge gaps among statistics, computer science, and artificial intelligence. Emphasis is on statistical aspects of their application and integration with more standard statistical methodology. Predictive learning refers to estimating models from data with the goal of predicting future outcomes, in particular, regression and classification models. Descriptive learning is used to discover general patterns and relationships in data without a predictive goal, viewed from a statistical perspective as computer automated exploratory analysis of large complex data sets."
Stanford-DS	course	STATS 315A	Modern Applied Statistics: Learning	"Overview of supervised learning. Linear regression and related methods. Model selection, least angle regression and the lasso, stepwise methods. Classification. Linear discriminant analysis, logistic regression, and support vector machines (SVMs). Basis expansions, splines and regularization. Kernel methods. Generalized additive models. Kernel smoothing. Gaussian mixtures and the EM algorithm. Model assessment and selection: crossvalidation and the bootstrap. Pathwise coordinate descent. Sparse graphical models."
Stanford-DS	course	STATS 305A	Introduction to Statistical Modeling	"Review of univariate regression. Multiple regression. Geometry, subspaces, orthogonality, projections, normal equations, rank deficiency, estimable functions and Gauss-Markov theorem. Computation via QR decomposition, Gramm-Schmidt orthogonalization and the SVD. Interpreting coefficients, collinearity, graphical displays. Fits and the Hat matrix, leverage & influence, diagnostics, weighted least squares and resistance. Model selection, Cp/Aic and crossvalidation, stepwise, lasso. Basis expansions, splines. Multivariate normal distribution theory. ANOVA: Sources of measurements, fixed and random effects, randomization. Emphasis on problem sets involving substantive computations with data sets."
Stanford-DS	course	STATS 203	Introduction to Regression Models and Analysis of Variance	Modeling and interpretation of observational and experimental data using linear and nonlinear regression methods. Model building and selection methods. Multivariable analysis. Fixed and random effects models. Experimental design. Pre- or corequisite: 200.
Stanford-DS	course	STATS 200	Introduction to Statistical Inference.	"Modern statistical concepts and procedures derived from a mathematical framework. Statistical inference, decision theory; point and interval estimation, tests of hypotheses; Neyman-Pearson theory. Bayesian analysis; maximum likelihood, large sample theory."
SU-DS	course	IST 565	Data Mining	"Introduction to data mining techniques, familiarity with particular real-world applications, challenges involved in these applications, and future directions of the field. Optional hands-on experience with commercially available software packages."
SU-DS	course	IST 659	Data Administration Concepts and Database Management	"Definition, development, and management of databases for information systems. Data analysis techniques, data modeling, and schema design. Query languages and search specifications. Overview of file organization for databases. Data administration concepts and skills. Credit cannot be given for both IST 659 and IST 658."
SU-DS	course	IST 687	Introduction to Data Science	"Introduces fundamentals about data and the standards, technologies, and methods for organizing, managing, curating, preserving, and using data. Discusses broader issues relating to data management and use as well as quality control and publication of data."
SU-DS	course	IST 718	Advanced Information Analytics	"A broad introduction to analytical processing tools and techniques for information professionals. Students will develop a portfolio of resources, demonstrations, recipes, and examples of various analytical techniques."
SU-DS	course	SCM 651	Business Analytics	"Business analytics including advanced spreadsheets; relational database and SQL queries; statistical analysis in R including multi-linear regression, interactions, tests for regression assumptions, logit, probit; neural networks; and dashboards."
SU-DS	course	ACC 652	Accounting Analytics	"Accounting analytics including Benford?s Law, current and prior period data, anomaly detection, correlation and time series detection, risk assessment and risk scoring, and purchasing card transaction fraud."
SU-DS	course	MAR 653	Marketing Analytics	"Marketing analytics techniques including discriminant analysis, logit, cluster analysis, factor analysis, and conjoint analysis. Marketing decision support models such as new product diffusion, test-market, price and sales promotion decision models."
SU-DS	course	FIN 654	Financial Analytics	"An introduction to methods and tools useful in decision-making in the financial industry, including: macroeconomic event studies, analysis of term structures, Morningstar equity data, style analysis, credit card receivables, trading analytics, execution algorithms, etc."
SU-DS	course	SCM 702	Principles of Management Science	Concepts and development of analytical model building as used in global supply chain decision.
SU-DS	course	MAS 766	Linear Statistical Models I: Regression Models	"General regression model, estimation methods, general linear hypothesis tests, residual analysis, indicator variables, multicollinearity, autoregressive model, weighted least squares, variable-screening procedures."
SU-DS	course	MAS 777	Time Series Modeling and Analysis	"Fundamental concepts and procedures for forecasting discrete time series for planning and control. Regression analysis, ARIMA methods, econometric modeling, transfer functions, intervention analysis, Kalman filters, univariate and multivariate methods."
SU-DS	course	IST 618	Information Policy	"Public policy issues that affect the information, library, and telecommunication sectors. These include privacy and security, intellectual property, freedom of expression, communications access, and public sector information. Application of economic, legal, and political science concepts to policy analysis."
SU-DS	course	IST 623	Introduction to Information Security	Basic concepts and technologies of information security. Students who successfully complete this course will have a comprehensive overview of information security with some hands-on experience.
SU-DS	course	IST 652	Scripting for Data Analysis	"Scripting for the data analysis pipeline. Acquiring, accessing and transforming data In the forms of structured, semi- structured and unstructured data. Additional work for graduate students."
SU-DS	course	IST 664	Natural Language Processing	"Linguistic and computational aspect of natural language processing technologies. Lectures, readings, and projects in the computational techniques required to perform all levels of linguistic processing of text. Additional work required of graduate students."
SU-DS	course	IST 719	Information Visualization	"A broad introduction to data visualization for information professionals. Students will develop a portfolio of resources, demonstrations, recipes, and examples of various data visualization techniques."
SU-DS	course	IST 722	Data Warehouse	Introduction to concepts of business intelligence (BI) and the practice/techniques in building a BI solution. Focuses are on how to use data warehouses as a BI solution to make better organizational decisions.
SU-DS	course	IST 736	Text Mining	"Introduces concepts and methods for knowledge discovery from large amount of text data, and the application of text mining techniques for business intelligence, digital humanities, and social behavior analysis."
SU-DS	course	IST 769	Advanced Database Administration Concepts and Database Management	"In-depth analysis of databases and database management system architecture, building complex database objects, database applications using forms and reports, data warehouses, establishing and implementing database security, and tuning databases for optimum performance."
NYU-DS	course	PHYS-GA 2095	 Research Reading	
NYU-DS	course	PHYS-GA 2093	 Theoretical Physics Research	
NYU-DS	course	PHYS-GA 2091 	Experimental Physics Research	
NYU-DS	course	PHYS-GA 2061	 Special Topics	Non-Equilibrium Statistical Physics
NYU-DS	course	PHYS-GA 2059	 Special Topics	Stability and Chaos in the Solar System Advanced topics in many-body theory and statistical mechanics.
NYU-DS	course	PHYS-GA 2054	 Special Topics in Astrophysics	Advanced topics in astrophysics and related areas.
NYU-DS	course	PHYS-GA 2053	 Special Topics in Astrophysics	Advanced topics in astrophysics and related areas.
NYU-DS	course	PHYS-GA 2022	 Biophysics	"This course focuses on the fundamental physical processes exploited by living organisms in the process of living. In particular, it introduces and develops elements of equilibrium and nonequilibrium statistical mechanics to explain how the molecular-scale components of cells store and process information, how they organize themselves into functional structures, and how these structures cooperatively endow cells with the ability to eat, move, respond to their environment, communicate, and reproduce."
NYU-DS	course	PHYS-GA 2017	 Phase Transitions and Critical Phenomena	Surveys the theory of phase transitions and critical phenomena: phenomenology and experimental status; Ising and related models; phase diagrams; universality and scaling; expansion methods; exactly soluble models; mean-field theory; perturbation theory; introduction to renormalization group.
NYU-DS	course	PHYS-GA 2002	 Statistical Physics	"Introduction, with representative applications. Review of thermodynamics; Gibbs ensembles for equilibrium; application to ideal gases, condensed phases of matter, and radiation; fluctuations and noise, kinetic theory."
NYU-DS	course	PHYS-GA 2000	 Computational Physics	"Emphasis is on current research where numerical techniques provide unique physical insight. Applications include, among others, solution of differential equations, eigenvalue problems, statistical mechanics, field theory, and chaos."
NYU-DS	course	DS-GA 1013 	Optimization-based Data Analysis	"This course provides a unifying description of optimization-based methods designed to tackle data-analysis problems, including spare regression, compressed sensing, super-resolution, matrix completion, clustering and manifold learning. The course will analyze large techniques from a mathematical and algorithmic point of view and describe their application to a wide range of practical problems. Prerequisites include: probability, calculus, linear algebra, experience in programming."
NYU-DS	course	DS-GA 1012	 Natural Language Understanding and Computational Semantics	"Since at least the proposal of the Turing test, building computational systems that can communicate with humans using natural language has been a central goal for Al research. Understanding real, naturally occurring human language is the key to reaching this goal. This course surveys recent successes in language understanding and prepares students to do original research in this area, culminating with a substantial final project. The course will focus on text, but within that will touch on the full range of applicable techniques for language understanding, including formal logics, statistical methods, distributional methods, and deep learning, and will bring in ideas from formal linguistics where they can be readily used in practice. We'll discuss tasks like sentiment analysis, word similarity, and question answering, as well as higher level issues like how to effectively represent language meaning."
NYU-DS	course	DS-GA 1011 	Natural Language Processing with Representation Learning	"How should human languages be understood and analyzed? This course examines modern computational approaches based on representation learning for understanding, processing and using human language. These include neural network-based deep learning methods and vector-space models of word meaning, and together will give the tools to build state-of-the-art models for hard language understanding tasks like translation. Prerequisites include: undergraduate level probability and statistics, undergraduate level linear algebra, undergraduate level calculus, DS-GA 1003 or CSCI-UA.0480-007"
NYU-DS	course	DS-GA 1008 	Deep Learning	"This course concerns the latest techniques in deep learning and representation learning, focusing on supervised and unsupervised deep learning, embedding methods, metric learning, convolutional net and recurrent nets, with applications to computer vision, natural language understanding, and speech recognition. The pre-requisites include: DS-GA 1001 Intro to Data Science or a graduate-level machine learning course."
NYU-DS	course	DS-GA 1006 	Capstone Project 	"This required course for the MS in Data Science should be taken in the second year of study. The purpose of the capstone project is to make the theoretical knowledge acquired by the students operational in realistic settings. During the project, students see through the entire process of solving a real-world problem: from collecting and processing real-world data, to designing the best method to solve the problem, and implementing a solution. The problems and datasets come from real-world settings identical to what the student would encounter in industry, government, or academic research."
NYU-DS	course	DS-GA 1005 	Inference and Representation	"This course covers graphical models, causal inference, and advanced topics in statistical machine learning."
NYU-DS	course	DS-GA 1004 	Big Data 	"This required course for the MS in Data Science should be taken in the first year of study. It covers methods and tools for automatic knowledge extraction from very large datasets. Methods include on-line learning, feature hashing, class embedding, distributed databases, map-reduce framework, CUDA GPU programming, and applications."
NYU-DS	course	DS-GA 1003 	Machine Learning and Computational Statistics 	"This required course for the MS in Data Science should be taken in the first year of study. It covers a wide variety of topics in machine learning, pattern recognition, statistical modeling, and neural computation. It covers the mathematical methods and theoretical aspects, but primarily focuses on algorithmic and practical issues."
NYU-DS	course	DS-GA 1002 	Probability and Statistics for Data Science 	"This required course for the MS in Data Science should be taken in the first year of study. It covers fundamental concepts in probability and statistics from a data-science perspective. Prerequisites include: calculus I, linear algebra, basic programming skills and some experience with probability or statistics at an undergraduate level. Some prerequisites may be waived with permission from the instructor."
NYU-DS	course	DS-GA 1001 	Introduction to Data Science 	"This required course for the MS in Data Science should be taken in the first year of study. It introduces students to basic algorithms and software tools, and teaches them how to deal with data, representing data, and methodology. Hands-on experience using Torch, a software system being developed at NYU and other research centers that has a large data science library, will also be provided. Prerequisites include: Basic Probability or Statistics (undergraduate level), Calculus I, Linear Algebra, some experience in programming: Java, C, C++, Python, R, Lua, Ruby, OCaml or similar languages (equivalent to two introductory courses in programming, such as Introduction to Programming?and Data Structures and Algorithms?. Some prerequisites may be waived with permission from the instructor."
NYU-DS	course	CSCI-GA 2945	Convex and Nonsmooth Optimization	
NYU-DS	course	CSCI-GA 2590 	Natural Language Processing	Survey of the techniques used for processing natural language. Syntactic analysis: major syntactic structures of English; alternative formalisms for natural language grammar; parsing algorithms; analyzing coordinate conjunction; parsing with graded acceptability. Semantic analysis: meaning representations; analysis of quantificational structure; semantic constraints; anaphora resolution; analysis of sentence fragments. Analysis of discourse and dialog. Text generation. Students get some experience using a natural language parser and a natural language query interface. Brief weekly written assignments and a term project involving a mixture of library research and programming (mostly in LISP).
NYU-DS	course	CSCI-GA 2434	Advanced Database Systems (Courant Computer Science)	"This is a capstone course emphasizing large-scale database systems. This course studies the internals of database systems as an introduction to research and as a basis for rational performance tuning. Topics include concurrency control, fault tolerance, operating system interactions, query processing, and principles of tuning. Database capstone projects involve topics such as design, concurrency control, interactions, and tuning. These projects include some or all of the following elements: formation of a small team, project proposal, literature review, interim report, project presentation, and final report."
NYU-DS	course	CSCI-GA 2433 	Database Systems (Courant Computer Science)	Database system architecture. Modeling an application and logical database design. The relational model and relational data definition and data manipulation languages. Design of relational databases and normalization theory. Physical database design. Concurrency and recovery. Query processing and optimization.
NYU-DS	course	CS-GY 6323 	Large-Scale Visual Analytics	"Visual analytics combines interactive visual interfaces and information visualization techniques with automatic algorithms to support analytical reasoning through human-computer interaction. People use visual analytics tools and techniques to synthesize information and derive insight from massive, dynamic, ambiguous, and often conflicting data, and to communicate their findings effectively for decision-making. This course will serve as an introduction to the science and technology of visual analytics and will include lectures on both theoretical foundations and application methodologies. "
NYU-DS	course	CS-GY 6313	 Information Visualization	"An introductory course on Information Visualization based on a modern and cohesive view of the area. Topics include visualization design, data principles, visual encoding principles, interaction principles, single/multiple view methods, item/attribute, attribute reduction methods, toolkits, and evaluation. Overviews and examples from state-of-the-art research will be provided. The course is designed as a first course in information visualization for students both intending to specialize in visualization as well as students who are interested in understanding and applying visualization."
NYU-DS	course	CS-GY 6093 	Advanced Database Systems (Engineering School)	"Students in this advanced course on database systems and data management are assumed to have a solid background in databases. The course typically covers a selection from the following topics: (1) advanced relational query processing and optimization, (2) OLAP and data warehousing, (3) data mining, (4) stream databases and other emerging database architectures and applications, (5) advanced transaction processing, (6) databases and the Web: text, search and semistructured data, or (7) geographic information systems. Topics are taught based on a reading list of selected research papers. Students work on a course project and may have to present in class. | Prerequisites: CS-GY 6083 or CS-UY 308 or equivalent, including experience with a relational database system and graduate standing. "
NYU-DS	course	CS-GY 6083 	Principles of Database Systems (Engineering School) 	"This course broadly introduces database systems, including the relational data model, query languages, database design, index and file structures, query processing and optimization, concurrency and recovery, transaction management and database design. Students acquire hands-on experience in working with database systems and in building web-accessible database applications. | Prerequisites: Graduate standing, CS-GY 6003 or equivalent, familiarity with basic data structures and operating system principles."
CMU-DS	course	15-213	Introduction to Computer Systems (ICS)	"This course provides a programmers view of how computer systems execute programs, store information, and communicate. It enables students to become more effective programmers, especially in dealing with issues of performance, portability and robustness. It also serves as a foundation for courses on compilers, networks, operating systems, and computer architecture, where a deeper understanding of systems-level issues is required. Topics covered include: machine-level code and its generation by optimizing compilers, performance evaluation and optimization, computer arithmetic, memory organization and management, networking technology and protocols, and supporting concurrent computation. NOTE FOR GRADUATE STUDENTS: This course is not open to graduate students beginning Spring 2015. Graduate students must register for 15-513 instead."
CMU-DS	course	18-213	Introduction to Computer Systems (ICS)	"This course provides a programmers view of how computer systems execute programs, store information, and communicate. It enables students to become more effective programmers, especially in dealing with issues of performance, portability and robustness. It also serves as a foundation for courses on compilers, networks, operating systems, and computer architecture, where a deeper understanding of systems-level issues is required. Topics covered include: machine-level code and its generation by optimizing compilers, performance evaluation and optimization, computer arithmetic, memory organization and management, networking technology and protocols, and supporting concurrent computation. NOTE: students must achieve a C or better in order to use this course to satisfy the pre-requisite for any subsequent Computer Science course. "
CMU-DS	course	15-513	Introduction to Computer Systems (ICS)	"This course provides a programmers view of how computer systems execute programs, store information, and communicate. It enables students to become more effective programmers, especially in dealing with issues of performance, portability and robustness. It also serves as a foundation for courses on compilers, networks, operating systems, and computer architecture, where a deeper understanding of systems-level issues is required. Topics covered include: machine-level code and its generation by optimizing compilers, performance evaluation and optimization, computer arithmetic, memory organization and management, networking technology and protocols, and supporting concurrent computation. You can sign up for 15-513 for either 6 or 12 credits. The reason there are two options is that you might be taking 15-513 in order to review the material and qualify to take other courses in your program. If this is the case, we expect that the work load for 15-513 will be more like a 6 unit class. If, on the other hand, you are seeing the material for the first time, then it will be like a 12-unit course for you. So, you need to decide, possibly in conjunction with your advisor which situation you are in and then sign up for the proper number of units."
CMU-DS	course	15-605	Operating System Design and Implementaion	"Operating System Design and Implementation is a rigorous hands-on introduction to the principles and practice of operating systems. The core experience is writing a small Unix-inspired OS kernel, in C with some x86 assembly language, which runs on a PC hardware simulator (and on actual PC hardware if you wish). Work is done in two-person teams, and team programming skills (source control, modularity, documentation) are emphasized. The size and scope of the programming assignments typically result in students significantly developing their design, implementation, and debugging abilities. Core concepts include the process model, virtual memory, threads, synchronization, and deadlock; the course also surveys higher-level OS topics including file systems, interprocess communication, networking, and security. Students, especially graduate students, who have not satisfied the prerequisite at Carnegie Mellon are strongly cautioned - to enter the class you must be able to write a storage allocator in C, use a debugger, understand 2s-complement arithmetic, and translate between C and x86 assembly language. The instructor may require you to complete a skills assessment exercise before the first week of the semester in order to remain registered in the class. Auditing: this course is usually full, and we generally receive many more requests to audit than we can accept. If you wish to audit, please have your advisor contact us before the semester begins to discuss your educational goals."
CMU-DS	course	15-615	Database Applications	"This course covers the fundamental topics for Database Management Systems: Database System Architectural Principles (ACID properties; data abstraction; external, conceptual, and internal schemata; data independence; data definition and data manipulation languages), Data models (entity-relationship and relational data models; data structures, integrity constraints, and operations for each data model; relational query languages: SQL, algebra, calculus), Theory of database design (functional dependencies; normal forms; dependency preservation; information loss), Query Optimization (equivalence of expressions, algebraic manipulation; optimization of selections and joins), Storage Strategies (indices, B-trees, hashing), Query Processing (execution of sort, join, and aggregation operators), and Transaction Processing (recovery and concurrency control)."
CMU-DS	course	15-618	Parallel Computer Architecture & Programming	"The fundamental principles and engineering tradeoffs involved in designing modern parallel computers, as well as the programming techniques to effectively utilize these machines. Topics include naming shared data, synchronizing threads, and the latency and bandwidth associated with communication. Case studies on shared-memory, message-passing, data-parallel and dataflow machines will be used to illustrate these techniques and tradeoffs. Programming assignments will be performed on one or more commercial multiprocessors, and there will be a significant course project."
CMU-DS	course	15-619	Cloud Computing	"This course gives students an overview of Cloud Computing, which is the delivery of computing as a service over a network, whereby distributed resources are rented, rather than owned, by an end user as a utility. Students will study its enabling technologies, building blocks, and gain hands-on experience through projects utilizing public cloud infrastructures. Cloud computing services are widely adopted by many organizations across domains. The course will introduce the cloud and cover the topics of data centers, software stack, virtualization, software defined networks and storage, cloud storage, and programming models. We will start by discussing the clouds motivating factors, benefits, challenges, service models, SLAs and security. We will describe several concepts behind data center design and management, which enable the economic and technological benefits of the cloud paradigm. Next, we will study how CPU, memory and I/O resources, network (SDN) and storage (SDS) are virtualized, and the key role of virtualization to enable the cloud. Subsequently, students will study cloud storage concepts like data distribution, durability, consistency and redundancy. We will discuss distributed file systems, NoSQL databases and object storage using HDFS, CephFS, HBASE, MongoDB, Cassandra, DynamoDB, S3, and Swift as case studies. Finally, students will study the MapReduce, Spark and GraphLab programming models. Students will work with Amazon Web Services and Microsoft Azure, to rent and provision compute resources and then program and deploy applications using these resources. Students will develop and evaluate scaling and load balancing solutions, work with cloud storage systems, and develop applications in several programming paradigms. 15619 students must complete an extra team project which entails designing and implementing a cost- and performance-sensitive web-service for querying big data."
CMU-DS	course	15-640	Distributed Systems	"The goals of this course are twofold: First, for students to gain an understanding of the principles and techniques behind the design of distributed systems, such as locking, concurrency, scheduling, and communication across the network. Second, for students to gain practical experience designing, implementing, and debugging real distributed systems. The major themes this course will teach include scarcity, scheduling, concurrency and concurrent programming, naming, abstraction and modularity, imperfect communication and other types of failure, protection from accidental and malicious harm, optimism, and the use of instrumentation and monitoring and debugging tools in problem solving. As the creation and management of software systems is a fundamental goal of any undergraduate systems course, students will design, implement, and debug large programming projects. As a consequence, competency in both the C and Java programming languages is required."
CMU-DS	course	15-721	Database Systems	his course will be a hands-on class on the internals of modern database management systems. It will cover the core concepts and fundamentals of the components that are used in both high-performance transaction processing systems (OLTP) and large-scale analytical systems (OLAP). The class will stress both efficiency and correctness of the implementation of these ideas. All class projects will be in the context of real database system. The course should be appropriate for graduate students in software systems and for advanced undergraduates with strong systems programming skills. PREREQUISITES: The prerequisites are (1) 15-415/615 or an equivalent undergraduate class in databases and (2) 15-410 or an equivalent undergraduate class in operating systems. Students that are unable to meet these requirements must otherwise receive permission from the instructor. Please refer to https://www.cs.cmu.edu/csd-grad/courseschedules16.html for the most recent schedule updates.
CMU-DS	course	15-719	Advanced Cloud Computing	"Computing in the cloud has emerged as a leading paradigm for cost-effective, scalable, well-managed computing.  Users pay for services provided in a broadly shared, power efficient datacenter, enabling dynamic computing needs to be met without paying for more than is needed.  Actual machines may be virtualized into machine-like services, or more abstract programming platforms, or application-specific services, with the cloud computing infrastructure managing sharing, scheduling, reliability, availability, elasticity, privacy, provisioning and geographic replication.  Please refer to https://www.cs.cmu.edu/~csd-grad/courseschedules17.html for the most recent schedule updates.	Prerequisites: 15-513 Min. grade B or 18-213 Min. grade B or 15-213 Min. grade B Course Website: http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~15719/"
CMU-DS	course	15-746	Storage Systems 	"Storage systems are among the most fascinating and the most important parts of computer systems. They often dominate the performance of a system, and their components inner workings require amazing feats of engineering. At the same time, storage systems hold the crown jewels of most organizations: their information (from source code to Microsofts software to the sales databases of every e-commerce site). Within the field of computer systems and computer engineering, there is no area whose demand for bright people and better solutions is more robust. This course will cover the design, implementation, and use of storage systems, from the characteristics and operation of individual storage devices to the OS, database, and networking approaches involved in tying them together and making them useful. Along the way, we will examine several case studies of real systems, demands placed on storage systems by important applications, and impacts of trends and emerging technologies on future storage systems. For those familiar with 18-316 (Intro. to Data Storage Systems Technology) and 18-517 (Data Storage Systems Design Project): one should consider these courses as distinct and complementary, with neither being a pre-requisite to the other. 18-316 and 18-517 focus on the low-level technologies (magnetics, materials, applied physics, etc.) whereas 746 focuses on storages incorporation and role in computer systems. Pre-requisite of 15-213, 15-513, or 18-213 - Grade of B- or better. Please refer to http://www.cs.cmu.edu/csd-grad/courseschedulef16.html for the most recent schedule updates."
CMU-DS	course	15-826	Multimedia Databases and Data Mining	"The course covers advanced algorithms for learning, analysis, data management and visualization of large datasets. Topics include indexing for text and DNA databases, searching medical and multimedia databases by content, fundamental signal processing methods, compression, fractals in databases, data mining, privacy and security issues, rule discovery, data visualization, graph mining, stream mining."
CMU-DS	course	15-712	Advanced and Distributed Operating Systems 	"15-712 is a graduate course in operating systems. The goals are: To understand the state of the art in operating systems and distributed systems, and how and why we got there. To understand how to engage in systems research. To investigate novel ideas in systems through a semester-long research project."
CMU-DS	course	15-821	Mobile and Pervasive Computing	"This is a course exploring research issues in the emerging fields of mobile computing and its close relative, pervasive computing. Many traditional areas of computer science and computer engineering are impacted by the constraints and demands of mobile and pervasive computing. Examples include network protocols, power management, user interfaces, file access, usability and security. This will be an advanced course in the truest sense --- most, if not all, the topics discussed will be ones where there is little consensus in the research community on the best approaches. The course will also offer significant hand-on experience in this area. Each student will have to present and lead the discussion on a number of papers. Students will work in groups of three under the guidance of a mentor on a hands-on project. Each student will also be required to write one of two documents based on an idea in mobile and pervasive computing: (a) a research proposal (similar in spirit to an NSF proposal) or (b) a short business plan for a commercial opportunity. Grading will be based on the quality of the presentations, the project, the proposal or business plan, and brief in-class quizzes on the readings. "
CMU-DS	course	15-649	Seminar in Data Systems 	"This course series is designed for and exclusively used by the Systems track of the Masters in Computational Data Science. Most students in this program will take section A, Seminar 1, in their first semester, section B, Seminar 2, in their second semester and section C, Capstone, in their third and final semester. As a series this is equivalent to a 48 unit capstone, spread out over the entire masters program. The sequence will emphasize learning from state of the art technical talks at the beginning, evolving into recently written paper reading and multi-paper survey reporting, and end with a large project and project report. The theme of all sections is large scale systems for big data processing, highly available distributed systems, data mining and machine learning, and broadly, data science."
CMU-DS	course	11-631 	Data Science Seminar 	"This course provides the MCDS students with a basic understanding of Data Science as an emerging scientific discipline, with interdisciplinary perspectives from computer science, business, and information policy / security. Students will read and discuss relevant publications, and attend presentations by guest speakers. Grading will be based on homework assignments related to the material covered in class sessions. This course is for MCDS students only."
CMU-DS	course	11-634 	MCDS Capstone Planning Seminar	"This course (open to MCDS students only) is a project based course where students exercise course work in a team based project. The course covers project management, a vision statement, requirements analysis, software architecture, functional specification, and an implementation of a prototype or scientific experiment. In addition, presentation skills are emphasized with multiple presentations throughout the semester."
CMU-DS	course	11-632 	Data Science Analytics Capstone  	The MCDS-Capstone course is the final large team project for MCDS master degree students. Students take 11-632 as a combined capstone course for process outcomes. This process outcome course evaluates the project teams use of software engineering methodology and evaluates the outcomes of the project.
CMU-DS	course	10-601 	Machine Learning 	"Machine Learning (ML) develops computer programs that automatically improve their performance through experience. This includes learning many types of tasks based on many types of experience, e.g. spotting high-risk medical patients, recognizing speech, classifying text documents, detecting credit card fraud, or driving autonomous vehicles. 10601 covers all or most of: concept learning, decision trees, neural networks, linear learning, active learning, estimation the bias-variance tradeoff, hypothesis testing, Bayesian learning, the MDL principle, the Gibbs classifier, Naive Bayes, Bayes Nets Graphical Models, the EM algorithm, Hidden Markov Models, K-Nearest-Neighbors and nonparametric learning, reinforcement learning, bagging, boosting and discriminative training. Grading will be based on weekly or biweekly assignments (written and/or programming), a midterm, a final exam, and possibly a project (details may vary depending on the section). 10601 is recommended for CS Seniors Juniors, quantitative Masters students, non-MLD PhD students. Prerequisites (strictly enforced): strong quantitative aptitude, college probstats course, and programming proficiency. For learning to apply ML practically effectively, without the above prerequisites, consider 11344/05834 instead."
CMU-DS	course	11-641 	Machine Learning for Text Mining 	
CMU-DS	course	10-715 	Advanced Introduction to Machine Learning 	"The rapid improvement of sensory techniques and processor speed, and the availability of inexpensive massive digital storage, have led to a growing demand for systems that can automatically comprehend and mine massive and complex data from diverse sources. Machine Learning is becoming the primary mechanism by which information is extracted from Big Data, and a primary pillar that Artificial Intelligence is built upon. This course is designed for Ph.D. students whose primary field of study is machine learning, or who intend to make machine learning methodological research a main focus of their thesis. It will give students a thorough grounding in the algorithms, mathematics, theories, and insights needed to do in-depth research and applications in machine learning. The topics of this course will in part parallel those covered in the general graduate machine learning course (10-701), but with a greater emphasis on depth in theory and algorithms. The course will also include additional advanced topics such as privacy in machine learning, interactive learning, reinforcement learning, online learning, Bayesian nonparametrics, and additional material on graphical models. Students entering the class are expected to have a pre-existing strong working knowledge of algorithms, linear algebra, probability, and statistics. If you are interested in this topic, but do not have the required background or are not planning to work on a PhD thesis with machine learning as the main focus, you might consider the general graduate Machine Learning course (10-701) or the Masters-level Machine Learning course (10-601). ML course comparison: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Y0Jx_tcINWQrWJx31WGEQSsUs059OUMmPIVSeyxNdeM/edit"
CMU-DS	course	10-605 	Machine Learning with Large Datasets	"Large datasets are difficult to work with for several reasons. They are difficult to visualize, and it is difficult to understand what sort of errors and biases are present in them. They are computationally expensive to process, and often the cost of learning is hard to predict - for instance, and algorithm that runs quickly in a dataset that fits in memory may be exorbitantly expensive when the dataset is too large for memory. Large datasets may also display qualitatively different behavior in terms of which learning methods produce the most accurate predictions. This course is intended to provide a student practical knowledge of, and experience with, the issues involving large datasets. Among the issues considered are: scalable learning techniques, such as streaming machine learning techniques; parallel infrastructures such as map-reduce; practical techniques for reducing the memory requirements for learning methods, such as feature hashing and Bloom filters; and techniques for analysis of programs in terms of memory, disk usage, and (for parallel methods) communication complexity. The class will include programming assignments, and a one-month short project chosen by the student. The project will be designed to compare the scalability of variant learning algorithms on datasets. An introductory course in machine learning, like 10-601 or 10-701, is a prerequisite or a co-requisite. If you plan to take this course and 10-601 concurrently please tell the instructor. The course will include several substantial programming assignments, so an additional prerequisite is 15-211, or 15-214, or comparable familiarity with Java and good programming skills. Undergraduates need permission of the instructor to enroll."
CMU-DS	course	11-791 	Design and Engineering of Intelligent Info Systems 	"The Software Engineering for IT sequence combines classroom material and assignments in the fundamentals of software engineering (11-791) with a self-paced, faculty-supervised directed project (11-792). The two courses cover all elements of project design, implementation, evaluation, and documentation. For students intending to complete both courses, it is recommended that the project design and proof-of-concept prototype be completed and approved by the faculty advisor before the start of 11-792, if possible. Students may elect to take only 11-791; however, if both parts are taken, they should be taken in proper sequence."
CMU-DS	course	11-792 	Information Systems Project 	"The Software Engineering for IS sequence combines classroom material and assignments in the fundamentals of software engineering (11-791) with a self-paced, faculty-supervised directed project (11-792). The two courses cover all elements of project design, implementation, evaluation, and documentation. Students may elect to take only 11-791; however, if both parts are taken, they should be taken in proper sequence. Prerequisite: 11-791. The course is required for VLIS students."
CMU-DS	course	11-642 	Search Engines 	"This course studies the theory, design, and implementation of text-based search engines. The core components include statistical characteristics of text, representation of information needs and documents, several important retrieval models, and experimental evaluation. The course also covers common elements of commercial search engines, for example, integration of diverse search engines into a single search service (federated search, vertical search), personalized search results, diverse search results, and sponsored search. The software architecture components include design and implementation of large-scale, distributed search engines."
CMU-DS	course	15-826 	Multimedia Databases and Data Mining	"The course covers advanced algorithms for learning, analysis, data management and visualization of large datasets. Topics include indexing for text and DNA databases, searching medical and multimedia databases by content, fundamental signal processing methods, compression, fractals in databases, data mining, privacy and security issues, rule discovery, data visualization, graph mining, stream mining."
CMU-DS	course	10-605	Machine Learning with Large Datasets	"Large datasets are difficult to work with for several reasons. They are difficult to visualize, and it is difficult to understand what sort of errors and biases are present in them. They are computationally expensive to process, and often the cost of learning is hard to predict - for instance, and algorithm that runs quickly in a dataset that fits in memory may be exorbitantly expensive when the dataset is too large for memory. Large datasets may also display qualitatively different behavior in terms of which learning methods produce the most accurate predictions.  This course is intended to provide a student practical knowledge of, and experience with, the issues involving large datasets. Among the issues considered are: scalable learning techniques, such as streaming machine learning techniques; parallel infrastructures such as map-reduce; practical techniques for reducing the memory requirements for learning methods, such as feature hashing and Bloom filters; and techniques for analysis of programs in terms of memory, disk usage, and (for parallel methods) communication complexity.  The class will include programming assignments, and a one-month short project chosen by the student. The project will be designed to compare the scalability of variant learning algorithms on datasets.  An introductory course in machine learning, like 10-601 or 10-701, is a prerequisite or a co-requisite. If you plan to take this course and 10-601 concurrently please tell the instructor.  The course will include several substantial programming assignments, so an additional prerequisite is 15-211, or 15-214, or comparable familiarity with Java and good programming skills.Prerequisites: 15-210 or 15-214Course Website: http://goo.gl/W2kPqO"
CMU-DS	course	11-676 	Big Data Analytics 	
CMU-DS	course	11-775 	Large-Scale Multi-media Analysis 	
IU-DS	course	CSCI B505	Applied Algorithms	"The course studies the design, implementation, and analysis of algorithms and data structures as applied to real world problems. The topics include divide-and-conquer, optimization, and randomized algorithms applied to problems such as sorting, searching, and graph analysis. The course teaches trees, hash tables, heaps, and graphs."
IU-DS	course	CSCI B551	Elements of Artificial Intelligence	"Introduction to major issues and approaches in artificial intelligence. Principles of reactive, goal-based, and utility-based agents. Problem-solving and search. Knowledge representation and design of representational vocabularies. Inference and theorem proving, reasoning under uncertainty, and planning. Overview of machine learning."
IU-DS	course	CSCI B555	Machine Learning	"Theory and practice of constructing algorithms that learn functions and choose optimal decisions from data and knowledge. Topics include: mathematical/probabilistic foundations, MAP classification/regression, linear and logistic regression, neural networks, support vector machines, Bayesian networks, tree models, committee machines, kernel functions, EM, density estimation, accuracy estimation, normalization, model selection."
IU-DS	course	CSCI B565	Data Mining	"This is an introductory course in computer vision. We will give a broad overview of the field, with a slight bias towards some topics to reflect current research trends (e.g. object recognition, deep learning). The emphasis will be on algorithms, mathematical models, and techniques that are broadly applicable to many problems not only in vision but also in other areas of AI and CS. Topics will include (tentatively and not necessarily in this order): Basic image manipulation: digital image representation, image filtering, morphology Feature detection: edge detection, corner detection, invariant interest point detection Segmentation Recognition: subspace methods, hausdorff/chamfer matching, bags-of-words, pictorial structures Learning for vision: support vector machines, neural networks, deep learning Geometry and image transformations: camera models, image transformations, 2d & 3d geometry Graphical models: Markov models, Markov Random Fields, belief propagation, graph cuts Motion: Optical ow, parametric motion Reconstruction: stereo, structure from motion, shape from X, image restoration"
IU-DS	course	CSCI B657	Computer Vision	"Algorithmic and practical aspects of discovering patterns and relationships in large databases. The course also provides hands-on experience in data analysis, clustering and prediction. Topics include: data preprocessing and exploration, data warehousing, association rule mining, classification and regression, clustering, anomaly detection, human factors and social issues in data mining."
IU-DS	course	DSCI D590 	Data Science in Practice	"This course connects interested data science project sponsors with data science students, so that together both can accomplish something neither could achieve alone. The overarching goal for the course is for the students to experience the real-world work of Data Science and to complete short consulting/technical projects in small teams. This course is for anyone who applies their expertise to the demands of data-driven decision-making and analysis. This is a learning by doing course on the practice of delivering data science expertise"
IU-DS	course	DSCI D591 	Graduate Internship in Data Science	"Students gain professional work experience in an industry or research organization setting, using skills and knowledge acquired in Informatics course work. May be repeated for a maximum of 6 credit hours. This course requires permission from the Data Science Graduate Office."
IU-DS	course	DSCI D699 	Independent Study in Data Science	"Independent readings and research for M.S. students under the direction of a faculty member, culminating in a written report. This course requires permission from the Data Science Graduate Office."
IU-DS	course	ENGR E516	Cloud Computing	" This course covers basic concepts on programming models and tools of cloud computing to support data intensive science applications. Students will get to know the latest research topics of cloud platforms, parallel algorithms, storage and high level language for proficiency with a complex ecosystem of tools that span many disciplines.  "
IU-DS	course	ENGR E517 	Introduction to High Performance Computing	"Students will learn about the development, operation, and application of HPC systems prepared to address future challenges demanding capability and expertise. The course combines critical elements from hardware technology and architecture, system software and tools, and programming models and application algorithms with the cross-cutting theme of performance management and measurement."
IU-DS	course	ENGR E583	Information Visualization	"This course provides students with a working knowledge on how to visualize abstract information and hands-on experience in the application of this knowledge to specific domains, different tasks, and diverse, possibly non-technical users."
IU-DS	course	INFO I524	Big Data Software and Projects	 This course studies software HPC-ABDS used in either High Performance Computing or open source commercial Big Data cloud computing. The student builds analysis systems using this software on clouds and then uses it in a project either chosen by the student or selected from a list given by the instructor. Credit given for only one of INFO-I424 or I524
IU-DS	course	INFO I526	Applied Machine Learning	"The main aim of the course is to provide skills to apply machine learning algorithms on real applications. We will devote less time to learning algorithms and math/theory, and instead spend more time with hands-on skills required for algorithms to work on a variety of datasets."
IU-DS	course	INFO I533	Systems & Protocol Security & Info Assurance	"This course looks at systems and protocols, how to design threat models for them and how to use a large number of current security technologies and concepts to block specific vulnerabilities. Students will use numerous systems and programming security tools in the laboratories. "
IU-DS	course	INFO I590	"Data Science for Drug Discovery, Health, and Translational Medicine"	" With exploding healthcare costs, greater longevity and the widespread health challenges of diabetes, obesity, cancer and cardiovascular disease, today's medicine and healthcare will be a primary scientific and economic focus for the remainder of this century. Informatics and big data promise an understanding of health, disease and treatment on a scale never before imagined. This course will address the big data techniques that are being used in the drug discovery, healthcare and translational medicine domains. Some specific topics covered will include large-scale, integrated molecular datasets; cheminformatics and bioinformatics in a big data domain; storing and data mining of electronic medical records; visualization and mapping of diseases; bridging the clinical and molecular; smart devices for smart health; and data mining for healthcare economics."
IU-DS	course	INFO I590	Data Science On-Ramp	"Self-paced modules to build and strengthen core competencies necessary for Data Science curriculum. Individual lessons vary from beginner to intermediate and will cover C++, MongoDB, R, Java, Python, Tableau, SQL, Hadoop/MapReduce, Spark, Scala, Github, Web Scraping, and Text Mining (NLP). If you would like descriptions of each lesson and how these will be mapped to credit, please consult Professor Ying Ding for more information."
IU-DS	course	INFO I590	Intro to Business Analytics Modeling	" In this course, we develop analytical models using simulation and optimization to analyze and recommend sound solutions to complex business problems. Models are discussed to solve sophisticated problems using various tools on spreadsheets, including Excel solver for linear, integer and genetic programming problems, probabilistic simulations, and risk analysis including statistical analysis of simulation models. "
IU-DS	course	INFO I590	Python	"This course provides a gentle yet intense introduction to programming with Python for students who have little or no prior experience in programming. Python, an open-source language that allows rapid application development of both large and small software ystems, is object-oriented by design and provides an excellent platform for learning the basics of language programming. The course will focus on planning and organizing programs, and developing high quality working software that solves real problems"
IU-DS	course	INFO I590	Data and Society	
IU-DS	course	INFO I590	Real World Data Science	"The purpose of this course is to provide Data Science graduate students with practical experience applying their data science skillsets to real-world datasets. Data for the first offering of this course in 2017 used a de-identified clinical trials dataset provided by Eli Lilly, but subsequent offerings could include public data or data provided by other industry partners. Students will be led through the full data analysis process of data preparation, model planning, model building, analysis, and communication of results. Students will meet (virtually or physically) daily to devise a plan."
IU-DS	course	INFO I590	SQL and NoSQL	" A database is the central focus in data science to store and manage data. Relational databases have empowered major industries for decades and are still widely adopted. In our new era of Big Data, the database landscape is undergoing significant change. Many non-relational databases become an important part of the enterprise data architecture of companies. Relational databases were developed long before the Internet and the Web to tackle the issues of central-controlled data storage and management. NoSQL databases emerged with the rise of Internet and Web applications to connect companies with customers (i.e., online or mobile) and to develop the agility to adapt faster. The new challenges of being agile and being able to accommodate data variability/data integration drove enterprises to turn to NoSQL database technology. It is important for every data scientist to master the skills of current databases and know about the future of databases in a world of NoSQL. This course aims to provide the basic overview of the current database landscape, starting with relational databases and SQL, and moving to several different NoSQL databases, such as XML database and MongoDB."
IU-DS	course	INFO I606	Network Science	" Networks are everywhere. We can easily find network structure in many complex systems around us: our cells, brains, society, etc.The inherent generality of network approach allowed wide applications of network theory to flourish across diverse fields including biology, sociology, and epidemiology. The questions that we will address in the class are the following: Why do networks matter? What are the fundamental theories to understand the structure and dynamics of networks? How has it been applied to other fields? What are the frontiers of the research? We will explore key papers ranging from the fundamental theory to the various applications of network theory. This course will focus more on round-table discussion between students than presentation. Students will work on research projects in groups and finish a paper at the end of the class. "
IU-DS	course	ILS Z534	Search	 The success of commercial search engines shows that Information Retrieval is a key in helping users find the information they seek.  This course provides an introduction to information retrieval theories and concepts underlying all search applications. We investigate techniques used in modern search engines and demonstrate their significance by experiment.
IU-DS	course	ILS Z532	Information Architecture for the Web	" Focuses on Web site development. Students study information architecture as an approach for site organization and design, and learn about project management for complex web development tasks. In lab sessions, students work with advanced markup languages and scripting and develop sites, typically for real clients."
IU-DS	course	ILS Z639	Social Media Mining	" This course provides a graduate-level introduction to social media mining and methods. The course provides hands-on experience mining social data for social meaning extraction (focus on sentiment analysis) using automated methods and machine learning technologies. We will read, discuss, and critique claims and findings from contemporary research related to SMM."
IU-DS	course	ILS Z637	Information Visualization	" Introduces information visualization, highlighting processes which produce effective visualizations. Topics include perceptual basis of information visualization, data analysis to extract relationships, and interaction techniques."
IU-DS	course	SPEA P507	Data Analysis and Modeling in Public Affairs	" Focus on analytical models and their use in solving problems and making decisions in the public sector. Discussion of standard approaches to modeling and estimation of parameters. V507 provides students of public and environmental affairs and related disciplines with a detailed, intermediate-level perspective on statistical concepts and techniques for analyzing and modeling complex systems.  The course content includes estimating the parameters of such models based on existing data, testing hypotheses about these systems, and forecasting.  The context of the course is the application of these techniques to problems and policies in public and environmental affairs.  Multivariate regression analysis is one of the primary tools for statistical modeling for purposes of policy analysis, program evaluation, simulation of systems, and general forecasting.  Thus, most of the course is devoted to single equation regression models and the extension of these models to a variety of situations.  A prerequisite for the class is a graduate-level, introductory statistics course that includes coverage of the simple (two-variable) regression model and an introduction to multivariate regression."
IU-DS	course	SPEA V506	Statistical Analysis for Effective Decision-Making	" Non-calculus survey of concepts in probability, estimation, and hypothesis testing. Applications of contingency table analysis and analysis of variance, regression, and other statistical techniques. Computer processing of data emphasized."
IU-DS	course	SPH Q650	Semiparametric Regression with R	"Semiparametric regression methods build on parametric regression models by allowing more flexible relationships between the predictors and the response variables. Examples of semiparametric regression include generalized additive models, additive mixed models and spatial smoothing. Our goal is to provide an easy-to-follow applied course on semiparametric regression methods using R. There is a vast body of literature on the semiparametric regression methods. However, most of it is geared towards researchers with advanced knowledge of statistical methods. This course explains the techniques and benefits of semiparametric regression in a concise and modular fashion. Spline functions, linear mixed models and hierarchical models are shown to play an important role in semiparametric regression. There will be a strong emphasis on implementation in R with a lot of computing exercises. This course is based on the book Semiparametric Regression with R by J. Harezlak, D. Ruppert, and M.P. Wand (Springer)."
IU-DS	course	STAT S520	Introduction to Statistics	" This course introduces the basic concepts of statistical inference through a careful study of several important procedures. Topics include 1- and 2-sample location problems, the one-way analysis of variance, and simple linear regression. Most assignments involve applying probability models and/or statistical methods to practical situations and/or actual datasets. S320 is the basic version of this course, intended for undergraduates. It is the gateway to more advanced courses offered by the Department of Statistics. S520 is an expanded version of S320 that covers additional material. S520 serves two constituencies: Graduate students in quantitative disciplines who are looking for a solid introduction to statistics and who may want to take additional courses in statistics, and graduate students pursuing an M.S. in Applied Statistics who desire a gentler introduction to the fundamental principles of statistical inference than is provided in the more theoretical STAT S620."
IU-DS	course	STAT S670	Exploratory Data Analysis	" We will explore data. This involves drawing lots of graphs, but also involves understanding what the graphs tell us, and communicating these insights to people outside the field. Numerical and graphical techniques for summarizing and displaying data. Ex?ploration versus confirmation. Connections with conventional statistical analysis and data mining. Applications to large data sets."
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E311	Circuits and Digital Systems	"This course will cover elements of circuits, such as the operation of basic circuit elements, fundamental circuit laws, and analytic techniques in both the time domain and the frequency domain. It will also cover the transistor-level design of circuits in"
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E312	Modern Computer Architecture	"The course will cover computer architecture topics includingprinciples of processors, control units, and storage systems. Course material will also cover registers, buses, microprogramming, virtual storage as well as the relationbetween computer architect"
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E313	Engineering Compilers	"This course coversthe engineering of a compiler, from scanning to parsing, semantic analysis and transformations to code generation and optimization.  The emphasis of this course is on the hands-on implementations of various components using industry-stan"
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E314	Embedded Systems	This course covers Embedded and Real-Time Systems designed for real-time multiprocessing and distributed processing.  It discusses theoretical and practical concepts in real-time systems emphasizing both hard and soft real-time distributed multi-processin
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E315	Digital Design with FPGAs	"This course introduces digital design techniques using field programmable gate arrays (FPGAs).  It discusses FPGA architecture, digital design flow using FPGAs, and other technologies associated with field programmable gate arrays. The course study will i"
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E316	Engineering Operating Systems	"The objective of this class is to learn the fundamentals of computer operating systems. This class approaches the practice of engineering an operating system in a very hands-on fashion, allowing students to understand core concepts along with implementati"
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E317	High Performance Computing	"Students will learn about the development, operation, and application of high performance computing systems prepared to address future challenges demanding capability and expertise in HPC. The course is interdisciplinary combining critical elements from h"
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E318	Engineering Networks	"This course will cover the engineering of computer networks, considering their architecture and protocols.  This course focuses on hands-on implementation and network systems construction."
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E321	AdvancedCyber-Physical Systems	"This course is the entry point into the cyber-physical systems specialization.  It provides in-depth coverage ofcore topics in cyber-physical systems. It will treat issues of data analysis and reactive actuation, as well as power management and mobility. "
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E327	Automated FabricationMachines	"This course will engage students in understanding fabrication machines as cyber-physical systems using computer numeric control (CNC), and in understandinghow they work by designing, constructing, and programming such devices.  This course will provide ha"
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E332	Introduction to Modeling and Simulation	"This course introduces computational modeling and simulation used for solving problems in many engineering fields. Basics of deterministic and stochastic simulation methods are covered. Optimization techniques, use of high-performance computing, and engin"
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E340	Introduction to Computational Bioengineering	"This course introduces key computational modeling techniques for bioengineering, with a focus on cell population kinetics, cell signaling, receptor trafficking, pharmacokinetics/pharmacodynamics, and compartmental and systems physiology methods. Concepts "
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E416	Engineering Cloud Computing	"This course covers basic concepts on programming models and tools of cloud computing to support data intensive science applications. Students will get to know the latest research topics of cloud platforms, parallel algorithms, storage and high level langu"
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E434	Big Data Applications	This is an overview course of Big Data Applications covering a broad range of problems and solutions. It covers cloud computing technologies and includes a  project. Algorithms are introduced and illustrated. The undergraduate and graduate sections differ
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E435 	Image Processing 	"The input or output of many engineering tools are images. Therefore, engineers need to know how to process them. Image processing will teach students how to design and implement their own algorithms for automatically detecting, classifying, and analyzing "
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E440	Computational Methods for 3-D Biomaterials	"This computational engineering course teaches key biophysics and numerical concepts needed to simulate three-dimensional biological tissues, including finite element methods, conservation laws, biotransport, fluid mechanics, and tissue mechanics. The enti"
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E441	Simulating Cancer as an Intelligent System	
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E483	Information Visualization	"This course provides students with a working knowledge on how to visualize abstract information and hands-on experience in the application of this knowledge to specific domains, different tasks, and diverse, possibly non- technical users. "
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E484	Scientific Visualization	"This course teaches basic principles of human cognition and perception; techniques and algorithms for designing and critiquing scientific visualizations in different domains (neuro, nano, bio-medicine, IoT, smart cities); hands-on experience using modern "
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E490	Engineering Capstone Design I	"Engineering Capstone Design I is one of two capstone requirements for all Intelligent Systems Engineering students. Students will design engineering projects based on their areas of concentration, which will be supported by dedicated faculty members. Stud"
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E491	Engineering Capstone Design II	"Engineering Capstone Design II is the second of two capstone requirements for all Intelligent Systems Engineering students. Students will design engineering projects based on their areas of concentration, which will be supported by dedicated faculty membe"
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E500	Introduction to the Intelligent Systems Engineering Program	This course provides an introduction to Intelligent Systems Engineering and an overview of the various degree specializations that are available.   ISE is a set of modern Systems Engineering  areas with various interrelations.  This course provides a broa
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E501	Introduction to Computer Engineering	"This course covers computer engineeringand parallel computer architecture for HPC in intelligent systems engineering. Topics includemulti-core processors, cache coherence, data centric computing, SIMD, GPU, FPGA, accelerators, and heterogeneous computing "
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E502	Introduction to Cyber Physical Systems	"This covers a broad range of CPS with both use cases and component technologies. Robots and Smart systems are covered in some detail. Algorithms, security, control theory, software, device hardware and mechanical construction issues are covered. CPS labor"
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E503	Introduction to Intelligent Systems	
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E504	Introduction toBioengineering	
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E505	Introduction to Nano-Engineering	"Miniaturization of devices and systems to nanoscale boosted in the last couple of decades, enabling unattainable hitherto functionalities and bridging the quantum realm with the mainstream of technological paradigm. Current course provides a broad overvie"
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E506	Introduction to Neuro-Engineering	Understand the key concepts of neuro-engineering with focus in applied mathematics. Learn how to build intelligent machines for neuro-engineering applications.
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E507	Introduction to Environmental Engineering	"Develop a foundation in Environmental Engineering practices and challenges by exploring how engineered systems promote better predictions about water quality, climate and atmospheric conditions. This course will cover fundamental principles and three use "
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E511	Machine Learning for Signal Proc	"The course discusses advanced signal processing topics as an application of machine learning. Hands-on signal processing tasks are introduced and tackled using a problem-solving manner, so students can grasp important machine learning concepts. The course"
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E512	Advanced Computer Architecture	"The course willcover advanced computer architecture topics for data centers regarding multi-core processor hardware, circuit level and micro-architecture level main memory modeling, circuit level and micro-architecture level storage design, GPU architectu"
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E514	Embedded Systems	This course covers Embedded and Real-Time Systems designed for real-time multiprocessing and distributed processing.  It discusses theoretical and practical concepts in real-time systems emphasizing both hard and soft real-time distributed multi-processin
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E516	Engineering Cloud Computing	"This course covers basic concepts on programming models and tools of cloud computing to support data intensive science applications. Students will get to know the latest research topics of cloud platforms, parallel algorithms, storage and high level langu"
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E517	High Performance Computing	"Students will learn about the development, operation, and application of high performance computing systems prepared to address future challenges demanding capability and expertise in HPC. The course is interdisciplinary combining critical elements from h"
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E522 	Sensors and Remote Sensing	"This course describes big data techniques for sensors and remote sensing explaining how one architects analysis systems for sensors and remote imagery. Algorithms, software systems, and storage issues are addressed. The inclusion of Geographic Information"
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E523	Internet of Things	"This covers the Internet of Things (IoT) including the emerging Industrial IoT. Power, security, networking, system architecture from cloud to device are covered. Integration with Big data and use cases are discussed. Laboratory sessions are integrated."
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E531 	Physical Optimization	"This course describes applications of optimization based on physical analogies: genetic algorithms, swarm intelligence, simulated and deterministic annealing, neural networks. They are related to statistical physics, Variational methods, evolution, inform"
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E532	Systems Engineering	This course covers methodologies and tools used to deal with large complex interactive multi-disciplinary systems of systems and to deliver performance that meet user requirements in an eco-friendly fashion. Students will see several examples and apply SE
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E533	Deep Learning Systems	This courseteaches the pipeline for building the state-of-the-art deep learning-based intelligent systems. It covers general training mechanisms and acceleration options that use GPU computing libraries and parallelization techniques running on high perfo
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E534 or E434 	Big Data Applications	This is an overview course of Big Data Applications covering a broad range of problems and solutions. It covers cloud computing technologies and includes a  project. Algorithms are introduced and illustrated. The undergraduate and graduate sections differ
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E535	Image Processing for Medical Applications	"Learn how to build intelligent algorithms and software for medical imaging that can help medical doctors to treat their patients and researchers to understand how the body works.  Students will be familiarized with algorithmic techniques such as tracking,"
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E537	Rapid Prototyping for Engineers	
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E540	Computational Methods for 3-D Biomaterials	"This computational engineering course teaches key biophysics and numerical concepts needed to simulate three-dimensional biological tissues, including finite element methods, conservation laws, biotransport, fluid mechanics, and tissue mechanics. The enti"
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E541	Simulating Cancer as an Intelligent System	
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E551	Nanoscale Simulation and Engineering Applications	"Students will learn how to model and simulate material behavior at the nanoscale. Analysis and control of shape, assembly, and flow behavior in soft nanomaterials will be discussed. Applications to engineering problems at the nanoscale will be emphasized."
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E583	Information Visualization	"This course provides students with a working knowledge on how to visualize abstract information and hands-on experience in the application of this knowledge to specific domains, different tasks, and diverse, possibly non- technical users. "
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E584	Scientific Visualization	"This course teaches basic principles of human cognition and perception; techniques and algorithms for designing and critiquing scientific visualizations in different domains (neuro, nano, bio-medicine, IoT, smart cities); hands-on experience using modern "
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E616 	Advanced Cloud Computing	"This course describes Cloud 3.0 in which DevOps, Microservices, and Function as a Service is added to basic cloud computing. The discussion is centered around the Apache Big Data Stack and a major student project aimed at demonstrating integration of clou"
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E621 	Software Defined Systems	"This course describes the emerging world of distributed intelligent systems where each system component has internal, and external sources of intelligence that are subject to collective control. Examples are given from computers, networks, vehicle systems"
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E623	AppliedStreaming Data Systems	This covers the software and algorithm engineering of streaming data systems in the cloud with an emphasis on use in Industry and the Internet of Things.
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E690	Internship in Intelligent Systems Engineering	"Students gain professional work experience in an industry or research organization setting, using skills and knowledge acquired in Intelligent Systems course work."
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E788	Masters Thesis	"Readings and research under the supervision of the master's thesis advisor, leading to a thesis at a level admissible as a departmental technical report."
IU-ISE	course	ENGR-E890	Thesis Readings and Research	Research under the direction of a member of the graduate faculty leading to a Ph.D. dissertation.